One little incident in our afternoon travel I will mention, as it appeared to afford more pleasure to the rest of the passengers than it did to me.
Substituting it for the gold ring, he wore it to school that afternoon; and a little negotiation, after school was dismissed, settled the business -- the coveted dog-collar was his!
On one occasion they started on their afternoon expedition in an unusually cheerful mood.
At noon we stopped by some pools of rain-water, and in the afternoon again set forward.
I doubt the brow of our brave dame hath been cloudy this afternoon.
It is an absurd thing for a man in his afternoon, - - a man of the world, moreover, with these three white hairs in his brown mustache and that deepening track of a crow's-foot on each temple, an absurd thing ever to have happened, and quite the absurdest for an old bachelor, like me, to talk about.
When I left my inn, " said Fleetwood, " it was with the intention of bidding you farewell, Miss Adelaide, and quitting this place for the city this afternoon. "
In the forenoon Mr. Ewing offered his resolution; and, in the afternoon
Ned and myself had put him, in the course of the afternoon, to some
o'clock in the afternoon, unless something particular was in hand.
Shortly after, an officer looked into his cell one Sunday afternoon, and found him lying on his bed, which he had unrolled contrary to orders, reading his Bible.
He had caught, one afternoon, in company with a crew of political cronies, a small car-full of striped bass and Lafayette fish, in the East river, and was declared the Hero of Kipp's Bay.
The next day I had occasion to go away at an early hour, and did not return until late in the afternoon, and on entering my little parlor, I was surprised at beholding a lady, handsomely dressed, who advanced towards me with an air of dignified politeness.
Reports unfavorable to the reputation of Mrs. Wiswall, who has taken a house in town, and of Bertha, and also of Rose, have reached here, and we are called a harboring place of unprincipled persons, a community of -- Deacon Ramsdill was here this afternoon; he has not been deprived of his good cheer. "
You understood the intimation in the Italian stanza I gave you from the carriage this afternoon? "
At Terni, which we reached in the afternoon, we found a guide, and made exertions to reach the celebrated cascade in the vicinity, before sunset.
We were out walking one afternoon, and the two boys had been excursionizing to their heart's content, when Archie came up with, " O Miss Kate!
I wish my brother was here to ride with me this afternoon. "
At last, toward evening, the old familiar black heads of thunderclouds rose fast above the horizon, and the same deep muttering of distant thunder that had become the ordinary accompaniment of our afternoon's journey began to roll hoarsely over the prairie.
I wish we had a pack of cards here, " said one of the boys, one weary afternoon. "
Accordingly, the late sunshine of that afternoon shone full on the yellow buttons of James as he proceeded to the place of conflict.
He had caught, one afternoon, in company with a crew of political cronies, a small carful of striped-bass and Lafayette fish, in the East river, and was declared the " Hero of Kipp's bay. "
afternoon that the Indian bought me, he started with me to his residence, which was fifty or sixty miles distant.
He remembered her round, well-proportioned figure, the sweet smile upon her face, the pleasant sparkle in her eye, and the grateful beverage in her hand; and he so earnestly pressed his ruminations and convictions on his friend Nettles, that the latter posted off one pleasant afternoon to the " Lodge, " and did not return home until the next day.
Mr. James Wilkinson was with the boys the whole afternoon, as well as his father, to whose utmost endeavors he joined his own, that the day might not be wholly unprofitable.
On a warm afternoon of spring, as the artist sat among his riotous companions with a glass of wine before him, a splendid butterfly flew in at the open window and fluttered about his head. "
Beach not to proceed up the river until the afternoon of the next day, as the sight of troops by the miners might make them hard to manage; otherwise, I assured the Major, he would have no trouble.
He said he calculated to plough this afternoon,  said Mrs. Barrington, as if that held out some slight hope of Ezra's coming home before night. "
The mundane element is entirely absent; there is nothing in those silent assemblages of men and women in street clothes, packed into a dirty, stuffy theatre of a winter afternoon, to recall or replace the aspect of the auditorium of the Italiens or Grand Op * ra in former days.
In the afternoon, as Walter was sitting in his room pondering over the events of the morning, he was startled by the abrupt entrance of Mr. Bell, who held in his hand a large envelope, bearing the broad seal of the government. "
It was a pleasant afternoon, and as we walked along on the bank of the canal what carries the water from the river to the
She remained in company with the cows all the afternoon.
About two of the afternoon they reached the river, almost exhausted.
The last part of Louis ' speech was nearly inaudible, and no more was said until the afternoon.
Now climbing up the precipitous rocks, and now cutting their way through the tangled woods, they toiled courageously forward, but did not reach the castle till two o'clock in the afternoon.
The remainder of time not necessarily thus employed, might be divided somewhat in this manner: The leisure of two afternoons and evenings, could be devoted to religious and benevolent objects, such as religious meetings, charitable associations, school visiting, and attention to the sick and poor.
There was both authority and persuasion in it, -- an influence such as only men of strong magnetic powers know how to use successfully; and, before they parted, the young man, contrary to his inclinations and his pride, had promised to meet his uncle at the Tremont House in the afternoon.
On the afternoon of the same day that Wilson commenced his journey to Quebec, Grace was seated at her father's table, busily engaged in painting glass, -- a fashionable amusement at that period.
The officer who commands the station sent a note to me by an orderly, inviting us to spend the afternoon with him.
It is only wasting time to half learn a thing, as you did your geography lesson this afternoon.
Behold -- " said a Reverend man, one Sabbath-day, as he surveyed the thousand faces, mellowed by the mild beams of an afternoon sun -- " Behold the sands that stretch beside the waves of the Ocean.
About four o'clock in the afternoon, while he was standing at the tavern, door a funeral procession passed by, at the foot of which, and singly, walked one of the smallest men I ever saw.
This afternoon, sir, I took some money from Mr. Wilkins to deposit in the bank. "
If one of the neighbors came in to chat awhile in an evening, my grandfather was always sure to go through with the fatigue of Burgwine; and if a stranger was travelling through Downingville and stopt at my grandfather's in a warm afternoon to get a drink of water, it was ten chances to one if he could get away till my grandfather had been through the whole story of the fatigue of Burgwine.
I heard the crackling of it in their stove, this afternoon,  said Melicent, " and saw the joyous glow of it in the faces of the family. "
Being obliged to leave Solebury the next day, I resolved to set out the same afternoon, and stopping in Chetasco, for the night, seek his habitation at the hour when he had probably retired to it.
We reached Philadelphia at four o'clock in the afternoon.
school here Sunday afternoons, ten children, sometimes more, from father's families " -- " Father's families! '
Accordingly, Lilias and Phyllis set out with Alethea and Marianne one afternoon to Mrs. Eden's cottage, which stood at the edge of a long field at the top of the hill.
The very foremast men of the Saint Michael had already heard him say things which ought to have been reserved for the ears of his confidential advisers, 170 The voyage was safely and quietly performed; and, on the afternoon of the twelfth of March, James landed in the harbour of Kinsale.
But towards afternoon the pirate, having repaired damages, overhauled him for the eighth time, and getting within range began to open his fire.
While wondering at the happiness his presence occasioned, and congratulating himself upon his good fortune in getting into such agreeable companionship, a woman came in, and asked in rather an angry tone, why the piece of linen she had purchased there the previous afternoon had not been sent to her house as she had requested.
You know your wages are high, and my demands upon your time are proportionately so; if, therefore, you can give up your weekly afternoon visit and your visit yearly, and be content to take care of little Johnny and do the work when I am out, always laying the table with one extra plate -- provided husband brings somebody home to dine -- and do the other duties about the house
One Sabbath afternoon, in the winter of 1753, as he lay on a couch, in the full possession of those noble faculties he had borne so meekly, listening to one of Sherlock's Sermons, his wife beside and his children around him, the gentle and exalted spirit of
It directs the opening and closing of the schools with prayers; fixes the hours of daily attendance at from eight to eleven, or seven to tenin the morning, and one to three in the afternoon; prescribes instruction in spelling
we may send for these things this afternoon, but perhaps not till to-morrow.
I sent Byrne up the stream to endeavour to find a better Place; but he returned in the afternoon without any success: he reported that about three or four miles above the tent a branch joined the stream, that he had travelled up it six or seven miles, but not far enough to say where it quitted the main stream; the low plains were several inches under water from the present rain; and the ground that appeared the driest was the worst to travel on, being a wet, loose, sandy bog.
The barge all at once emerged from the narrow and gloomy pass which it had been threading during the afternoon, into a broader sheet of water, and at the same moment, the setting sun shone bright upon the summit of " The Temple, " which stood on an angle at the intersection of three bayous, two of which led by various routes into the bay of Barritaria; the third, was that which they had just descended.
It was then pretty late in the afternoon of a short day, and I felt a little uneasy about the chances of missing my way, should the night overtake me.
A wide and grassy lawn, seperated from the road by a stone wall, and dotted with elms and oaks, with a gray old mansion in the background, slept in the beams of the afternoon sun.
About four o'clock in the afternoon, after refreshment at the hospitable Mr. Oldhame's, they started to go home; and as they trode, again, the same road through the woods, toward the wide, weary Barrens, the way seemed wearier than before.
Their marriage was settled to take place in six weeks at Boston; and Captain Ellis had left New York the afternoon of the cutting out of the schooner to proceed to Boston to have her refitted for a voyage to England, whither he intended to take his bride as soon as they were wedded.
Elvira had just got possession, by stealth, of a new novel; that species of reading being absolutely prohibited in Mrs. Wilson's house, she had crept up to the garret, and was promising herself a long afternoon of stolen pleasure. "
Mrs. Daggett, nettled by her sister's hint, rose and said, " that, as she was going in the afternoon to attend a meeting in a distant part of the town, (for, " said she, " no one can say that distance or weather ever keeps me from my duties,) she had no more time to waste. "
In imagination, as I lay in my berth on ship-board, I used to take pleasant afternoon rambles through the town; down St. James-street and up Great George's, stopping at various places of interest and attraction.
Then a ride Sunday afternoon costs me three dollars.
As the afternoon waned, the broker's mind grew calmer.
We resolved ourselves into a sort of committee of the whole, one afternoon; and after a long and somewhat spirited debate, came to the unanimous conclusion that, in the course of human events, it became necessary to employ the most effective measures to procure additional supplies from the cellar.
And, having reached Bologna, I tried to gain time, or at least avoid another night-ride, by taking a private carriage (vetturino) this afternoon for Ferrara, thirty miles further on, sleep there to-night, and catch a Diligence or Mail-Coach to-morrow morning, so as to reach Padua in the evening: but no -- there is no coach out of Padua Venice-ward till 4 to-morrow afternoon, and I should gain nothing
The national republicans said they'd heard thunder before now, and seen dreadful black clouds all over the sky, and they'd seen a fair afternoon and a bright rainbow after all that.
But the latter felt too tired to walk about a great deal, and spent most of the afternoon in the hotel, while his uncle was off attending to some business.
and the hollow moan Of the fitful breeze had a plaintive tone; And it seemed, though in the heart of June, Like the year's autumnal afternoon.
At length, one of the young men who had been in communication with the bottles, mentioned as lying cool among the ivy during the afternoon, protested that he would bring a rail to serve as a pry, unless his companions desisted from further eating of their own free will. "
He was very anxious to see his mother; but Doctor R --, desirous of making as great a change in the child's appearance and manner as possible, kept him at his house all night, and until the afternoon of the next day.
If you walk or drive among them in the afternoon, they are panting like gourminds after a turtle dinner.
Thus did the time pass onward; ' till, on on a close and sultry afternoon, in the latter part of autumn, when the thunderclouds were mustering thick over the azure vault, and now and then a pale flash on the far horizon succeeded by a distant rumble, told of the coming hurricane, that three or four horsemen, whose dress and accoutrements proclaimed them at once to be Spaniards from the fortress, were seen to issue from the forest, and ride rapidly across the little plain toward Guarica's dwelling.
When we were at St. Louis, several gentlemen of the Fur Company had kindly offered to procure for us a hunter and guide suited for our purposes, and on coming one afternoon to the office, we found there a tall and exceedingly well-dressed man with a face so open and frank that it attracted our notice at once.
Though early in the afternoon, everything was quiet; but upon mounting the side we found four or five sailors lounging about the forecastle, under an awning.
In the evening, having supped, we went to the theatre, where I revenged myself upon the " heavy man, " and the " light comedian, " who had in the afternoon made merry at my expense for carrying the harp, by getting up a hiss for the former gentleman, who knew not one single word of his part, and by hitting the latter individual upon the nose with an apple, for which latter feat (as the actor was a great favorite,) I was hounded out of the theatre, and narrowly escaped being carried to the watch-house.
At noon where they halted the face of the country was much as it was when they set out in the morning; but, after a rapid ride in the afternoon, the vegetation entirely disappeared except the rank grass, leaving a broad prairie before them.
Louis looked at Dr. Wilkinson; and Reginald answered for himself -- " I am much obliged, ma'am; and, if you please, thank Mrs. Paget for me, but as it is not a half-holiday, I shall not be able to come this afternoon.
In the afternoon Kisel asked leave to avail himself of a permit which Eliot had obtained for him, to go on the opposite side of the river to a little brook, whence he had often brought a mess of trout for the officers ' table; for our friend Kisel was skilled in the craft of angling, and might have served Cruikshank for an illustration of Johnson's definition of the word, " a fishing-rod, with a bait at one end and a fool at the other; " but happily, as it proved, our fool had some " subtlety in his simplicity. "
It was a fine afternoon; there was no wind, and I hoped, by walking, to have a view of the great temple before night.
, my son intends going a step further this afternoon, but I shall myself remain under your comfortable roof.
He had passed the afternoon in his favourite recreation, that of fowling in the woods, and was returning home with about twenty wild pigeons, as the trophies of his success, when, late in the evening, in the vicinity of his mother's residence, he overheard some voices in a thick wood through which he was passing.
At Hudson, in Ohio, at half past three o'clock, in the afternoon, full intelligence is received of all the transactions of business, and of all iraportaut events that have transpired in the city of New York up to three o'clock.
Every afternoon the Dissenters crowded to a simpler worship, 204 James had waited twenty-four hours, expecting, as it should seem, the performance of Lundy's promises; and in twenty-four hours the arrangements for the defence of Londonderry were complete.
Terrible are they with brick-bats on a Sunday afternoon: formidable are they,
By some accident, Big Elk became separated from his hunting companions, late in the afternoon of a winter's day.
It was towards the middle of the afternoon, as she was so reclining, -- her Bible half open, her little transparent fingers lying listlessly between the leaves, -- suddenly she heard her mother's voice, in sharp tones, in the verandah. "
It might have been a week after our glimpse of Lord Lovely, that Harry, who had been expecting a letter, which, he told me, might possibly alter his plans; one afternoon came bounding on board the ship, and sprang down the hatchway into the between-decks, where, in perfect solitude,
It was the seventh day of my flight, in the afternoon, and I had thrown myself upon the ground, as I almost hoped, to die; when I heard at a distance a sudden firing of guns, at first a volley, and then an irregular succession of discharges, which convinced me there was a battle waging nigh at hand.
rrhe next day in the afternoon, " he exercised, " as Gov.
We go to Church, forenoon and afternoon, and sometimes dine in the Village, at Frank's, or elsewhere.
I would sometimes be sick in the morning and well in the afternoon.
As the stranger fell to the earth under an attack so impetuous and unexpected, he uttered an exclamation in which Juan recognized the language of Mexico.
The great object with each party seemed to be to make the other begin the attack: the English would not do this, because they saw that their artillery was rapidly thinning the ranks of their enemies; and Charles was under the necessity of making the attack.
A system of personal attack was, therefore, organized against Mr. Porter, of the most profligate and disgraceful description.
Ridicule is, of all modes of attack, that least readily forgiven, particularly when directed by an inferior.
Such there have been, who met the fierce attack, Rushed on opposing troops, and drove them trembling back.
A In referring to this attack and the movements of general Wayne, Withers, in his " Chronicles of Border Warfare, " says: " Before the troops marched from fort Washington, it was deemed advisable to have an abundant supply of provisions in the different forts in advance of this, as well for the support of their respective garrisons, as for the subsistence of the general army, in the
, like the rest of the building, were rendered, by their thickness, bullet proof -- so that when closed and bolted, the house was capable of withstanding an ordinary attack of the Indians.
If nations be at war, we are not judges of the question of right, in that war; we must acknowledge, in both parties, the mutual right of attack, and the mutual right of conquest.
Mr. Calhoun has replied to Mr. Benton's attack upon him, and the reply, like the attack, is tedious and minute To the ears of our Northern readers, the report of this distant cannonading sounds very faint and far, and it is probable that few of them will have the leisure or the patience to wade through the periods of Mr. Calhoun's reply.
cried his antagonist, following him and standing over him, ready to renew the attack if he stirred with an evil purpose.
So he shunned a meeting which he thus describes- " Where the attack is all on one side, and the accuser thinks himself at liberty to use every weapon, that falls under his hand, fair or foul, and has a shield in his own adversity. "
Vernon, or, as he has changed his character, we may venture to change his name, - - Jerome Vaudelier, went to California in the first of the excitement; where, amid the temptations of that new and dissolute land, he yet maintains the integrity he vowed to cherish on the night of the attack upon Cottage Island.
yelled the populace, but they made no attack.
the village of Sitka, and, on arriving there, were informed of the meditated attack and their assistance solicited.
Yet they stand in special need of defence, as the country from which they draw their support has not in itself the means of promptly sustaining them in their attempts to repel an attack, and especially as the hope, so confidently and cruelly entertained across the Atlantic, of deriving assistance from servile insurrections, would greatly tend to attract invasion towards this portion of our Union.
Having hy an appearance of submission lulled the suspicions of the Russians, they detei * mined in the summer of 1802 to make the attack.
With the troops near Montreal, endeavouring to defend it and the surrounding country against any attacks of the colonists.	99:106	0:124	 With the troops near Montreal , endeavouring to defend it and the surrounding country against any attacks of the colonists .
A slight immunity from the attacks of acari and pediculi might in a tropical country more than compensate an animal for the loss of its hairy coat, especially in the case of the domesticated dog, which finds shelter with its master, has not to seek for its food at night, and is protected from the attacks of stronger animals.
But, as if the cowardice of their countrymen had stung them into a determination to show, at all hazards, that they, at least, were made of very different stuff, they not only resisted the attack of the enemy, but carried the bayonet into his ranks.
period of its greatest activity is towards the middle of the day, the hour at which students generally, - - which unfortunate class is most obnoxious to its attacks, -- are unwilling to be disturbed.
they were ready to sacrifice their honest belief on some points, for the sake of uniting in an attack upon the Secretary.
I had reason, therefore, to believe that my house would have been an object of attack.
commenced the life of a pioneer, and that, in a night attack, his cabin had been burned, his wife killed, and his son carried away by the savages.
La Tour resolved to avenge these repeated insults; and, hearing that the fort at Penobscot was at that time weakly defended, he made immediate preparations to commence an attack on it.
I have been in the country a little more than three months; and have had several attacks of the fever.
I talked as if her agency was already ascertained, and the feelings she betrayed at this abrupt and unaware attack, confirmed my suspicions.
assertion when we say, that, had his sympathies been at all enlisted with the assailing party, the sarcasm of its leader would have hurried him into the very first rank of attack.
Nature marked out for them the same strategy which Napoleon used with such wonderful success, that of maintaining a compact force, of dividing his enemies and bringing the greater power to bear upon the point of attack.
You assured me that old Snell and his two sons were the whole force that he carried, while I find two stout, able-bodied men besides, all well armed, and ready for the attack.
The leaf-cutting ants are confined to tropical America; and we can easily understand that trees and vegetables introduced from foreign lands where these ants are unknown could not have acquired, excepting accidentally, and without any reference to the ants, any protection against their attacks, and now they are most eagerly sought by them.
The men divided, some plunging deeper into the forest, in order to gain their stations without giving an alarm, and others Continuing to advance, at a gait that would allow the whole party to go in order; but all devising the best plan to repulse the attack of a dog, or to escape a rifle-bullet.
But if the policy of the Anglo-Americans was sufficient to destroy so powerful a rival as the French, what can be expected from the unconcerted, ill-advised resistance or attack of the aborigines, unskilled in military tactics, and not sufficiently strong, on any one point,
He witnessed the attack, but knew nothing of its cause.
, which should be the signal of an attack having been made there.
I examined the boy's feet, and found them red, shining and tumefied, with other indications of a severe attack of chilblains. "
The general doubted, however, whether any serious attack was meditated against the place.
In a merely military point of view, this is sufficiently proper; for it can not be supposed that either grammar or Latin is necessary to the attack and defence of fortified places, or that the graces of composition are necessary to the art of castrametation.
Schiller appears to have resigned his professorship, or at least to have suspended his attention to its duties, after the attack of illness above mentioned, although the fact is not precisely stated by the biographer, and was thus deprived of his ordinary means of living.
Here they delayed a few minutes, as if expecting an attack; until finding that the object of their solicitude had safely crossed the field and plunged into the distant woods, they rode away at a rapid pace in the same direction.
A single instance of discipline sprang from a rude attack made by one of the larger boys, Consider Gisborne, on one whose helplessness appealed strongly to the teacher's sensibilities, Job Luce.
Abandoned by all but the Jesuits, whose alliance was even more fatal than the enmity of the other parties, M. de VilliAe at length became satisfied that he could not stand the attack of the press, and must either silence it or retire.
It was during the Captain's absence at headquarters that some of the traitor Arnold's soldiers made an attack on the mansion.
Its sympathy for my brethren in bonds -- its scathing denunciations of slaveholders -- its faithful exposures of slavery -- and its powerful attacks upon the upholders of the institution -- sent a thrill of joy through my soul, such as I had never felt before!
Among the cities granted to the latter Loxa was particularly specified, with a condition that he should immediately take command of it in person, for the council thought the favor he enjoyed with the Castilian monarchs might avert the threatened attack.
I thought I had just awoke, after the attack which was made upon me by the assassin, when I was on my way to Mr. Marisett's house.
But then, the work itself, with the exception of a feeble attack now and then from the prolific pen of Skimmer, (who wrote for several publications,) was noticed by the press with favour.
being protected by the batteries of New-York, Governor's Island, and Red Hook; that, on the arrival of their fleet through the Sound, instead of making a direct attack on New-York, they should land at Kingsbridge, and take up a position across the island of New-York, cut off all communication with the mainland, and, blockading General Washington by land and water, compel him to capitulate on their own terms. "
In his first attack he used the arms, which in general have been considered as belonging to the other side of the question.
Indeed such was the shattered condition of the little tenement, that you might easily have imagined it suffering from a forty years ' attack of chronic disease, and quite unfit for the habitation of so great a military hero.
Though Kemp declares here that his " imployment for the pageant was utterly spent, " yet Anthony furnished the city shows for 1605, 1611, and (in spite of an attack made on him by Middleton in 1613 -- see my ed.
trampling of Old Tom might be heard on the stair-case, as in vociferous converse with our host he came down from the chamber, wherein, by some strange process of persuasion assuredly peculiar to himself, Harry had forced him to go through the ceremony of ablution, previous to his attack upon the viands, which were in truth not likely to be dealt with more mercifully in consequence of this delay.
I can not afford to be irritable and captious, nor to waste all my time in attacks.
It knots, that it may unravel, itself; one of its slopes attacks, the other relieves.
Now, supposing even that Dr. Channing had in some degree mistaken the character of Bonaparte, we can not admit that this would at all justify the critic in his outrageous attack; but, independently of this consideration, we must also remark, that, according to our judgment
But how do we know, but that for the strength gained by the journey, my frame could not have stood this attack.
In the spring of 1821, he accompanied his wife to Hartford, Connecticut, to obtain, medical assistance for her relief from a cancer; which was removed, with some hopes of a permanent cure; but in the summer of 1822, it renewed its attack and in a few weeks carried her to the grave.
On the 5th of October, 1778, the legion was ordered to Little Egg Harbour, with a body of Jersey and Pennsylvania militia, and a field piece from colonel Proctor's regiment of artillery, the whole under the command of Pulaski, for the defence of the place against an attack, which was expected from the enemy then on that coast.
They had become somewhat accustomed to small arms, and though they had a dread of them, yet it was not sufficient to deter them from making the attack after having congregated in such numbers, and having become so wrought up by each other.
His private character, integrity, and professional attainments offered no feasible point of attack, nothing upon which to found an imputation.
He shifts his position continually, and never hazards an attack.
A day was appointed, but being unacquainted with the art of writing, or the use of numbers, the period was designated by a bundle of sticks, every stick representing a day; each of the confederated chiefs prepared a bundle corresponding in number with those of his associates, one of which was to be burned daily; and the committing of the last to the flames, was to be the signal for the attack. "
In this belief, and that Coates had marched out to give him battle, the American partisan withdrew to a defile in the rear of his then position, and quietly prepared to receive the attack.
on either side, crowned most commonly by dense and intricate masses of forest, through which and without a guide, our little army was compelled to pass, -- presented opportunities for frequent ambush and attack, in which, very inferior forces, if properly commanded, might, with little danger to themselves, overwhelm and utterly destroy an advancing enemy.
It is rather a singular thing for a street musician to sing such songs as you do, and in such a manner, " -- then, after a pause, during which she did not volunteer any information on the subject, he renewed the attack, with, " You must have had some instruction.
They were collected, when I came up to them, on a small knoll, or rocky hillock, on the very edge of the marsh, and were engaged in loud and wordy argument concerning the propriety of another attack upon the Frondeurs; which counsel was strenuously advocated by some, while others as violently demanded that they should wait the arrival of a reinforcement, which had been already summoned from Pont Mousson.
I gathered from him enough to convince me that my fears, which I have already spoken of, were true; and as I afterwards heard the facts of that fatal attack, I will here relate them to you. "
The public felt this event the more that its proximate cause was an attack made upon his brother's house by Paradisi, now imprisoned in the Castle of St. Angelo, pending a law process for proof of his accusations.
When our troops went to the attack of Louisburg, Whitfield gave them this motto, " Nil desperandum, Christo Duce; " an admirable one for our own flag.
Still the worst of his present attack was passed, and it was only what the physicians facetiously call the " tail of the gout " that gave him any inconveniences.
An idea prevailed, that Hawley had only retired for a time, and would renew the attack next morning; but the true state of the armies was soon understood, and after being exposed to the storm for five hours, Charles Edward entered Falkirk, and took possession of the cannon, baggage, and all the military stores of Hawley.
deeds of Christian charity, and by the time it was concluded, the boys awoke, eager to make an attack upon the luncheon.
In executing this duty, friends and fellow-citizens, you are to use courage and discretion; courage, that you may not be daunted by any lawless attempt that this man may make with his rifle and his dogs to oppose you; and discretion, which here means caution and prudence, that he may not escape from this sudden attack?
This is the first point of attack, the only immediate palliative which there seems any hope of applying.
The attack of the Boston Teachers upon the Board of Education and its Secretary has failed, - signally and disgracefully failed.
Upon meeting my friends, they commenced a simultaneous attack upon me for having, as they averred, left them in a most eccentric manner the day before.
Such are some of the disadvantages of a light sandy soil; and, in thoroughly examining many of the fruit gardens of the middle states the last few seasons, we could not fail to be struck with the fact that in nine cases out of ten, where a variety of fruit was unusually liable to disease, to blight, or to the attacks of
species of attack against which - we protest is too mean-spirited to deserve refutation.
The defences of our common Christianity have been compelled into new dispositions, by the altered methods of attack employed by adversaries.
The attack here alluded to relates not to the public works, but to the whig policy of burrowing thirteen hundred thousand dollars, in violation of the constitution.
The good people of England were not so enlightened at the * " The old jealousies of which it " (a standing army) " was the object, no longer exist, and there can be no doubt that the establishment of a properly trained military force is not only indispensable to guaranty the national independence from hostile attack, but that it is the best force that can be employed to maintain internal tranquillity and order. "
But he rejected the compromise indignantly, and still continued his attack on my face, as though nothing short of that would satisfy him.
One half of these, under Col. Campbell, immediately made an attack upon the town.
Mr. Calhoun has had to sustain a tremendous battery of attack, at the present session, from the two great leaders of the Opposition, Mr. Clay and Mr. Webster; and these encounters of intellect-whatever may be thought of the propriety of time and place-have presented scenes of an
If it be such as will warrant an attack, I am seized with a strong desire to carry it, either by surprise or by storm.
It is within the memory of a large portion of the profession, that typhoid fever was supposed to be a disease which, in its early stages at least, might be so far counteracted by a bold attack as to reduce to a few days ' duration a siege which otherwise might be continued for weeks, exposing the patient to
Many of our men immediately fled; but the greater number rushed on to the intended attack. "
While places situated in the interior and on navigable streams have been the favorite objects of attack, the sea-board, in almost all countries, has been nearly exempt.
18* // The development of Comte's system, after the outlines of it had been completed in his own mind, was delayed, in 1826, by an attack of mental disease, from which, if it had been left to take its own course, he thinks he should have speedily recovered.
188 Stewart's life Mr. Stewart mm for a moment startled by this sudden attack; but, instantly recovering his self-possession, lie placed
William, however, advanced immediately to the attack of the ambuscaders.
The Moors, who had quickly placed themselves in order of battle to receive the expected attack, on seeing but one person, now looked to Abdelasis for their orders.
His brain was predisposed to disease, as is evident from the attack of convulsion from which he was scarcely yet
* * * * * * God bless the sons of Harvard, and preserve our Alma Mater from the open attacks of enemies, the secret treachery of hypocritical friends, and from the baleful influence of every wrong principle to be found in her own heart. '
By obliging him to put his mortars on shore, and to transport them some distance overland, we so delay his attack that our troops may be concentrated in great force to oppose his onset.
Bugeaud's plan is this: Instant attack with an overwhelming force of artillery, cavalry and infantry of the Line, (which, he asserts, he has now all ready in position in anticipation of this event, and well disposed to act,) on all the barricades
This being the usual Indian hour of attack and surprise, and the Sioux being known to be in the neighborhood, the camp was instantly on the alert.
The colonel will therefore consider the order to stand the attack of the
Ferris had naturally a robust constitution, and it was slow in confessing the sapping and mining process that had been going on ever since he was born, so that he had had many of what he called " singular attacks " before he felt permanently the worse for them.
em as it was for the British to get through his pile of cotton wool bags at New-Orleans.
tea, cocoa, or pemmican, with a spirit lamp, tallow lamp, and spare kettle 17 Sextant, 1 gun, and gear 10 A bag containing 5 tin pannikins and 5 spoons 5 A knapsack for each man, containing 1 flannel shirt, 1 Guernsey frock, 1 serge frock, 1 pair of drawers, flannel, 1 pair of boot hose, 1 pair of stockings, 2 pairs of blanket-socks, 1 towel, 1 comb, 1 lb.
Before my braves commenced feasting, I took my medicine bags, and addressed them in the following language: " BRAVES AND WARRIORS: These are the medicine bags of our forefather, Mukataquet, who was the father of the Sac nation.
-- the tenth day hence -- too late for any purpose, " answered the old man; " then must we on to Brussels; though I trow the churl burghers will scarce unbuckle their fat bags to pay Sir Hugues ' ransom, much less take bow and spear to save him. "
So he takes sand in bags, and, when he wants to lighten his balloon, he just pours
Mash them, put them in a linen bag and squeeze out the juice.
of the large bag I before spoke of as being in the room.
Mrs. Lander entreated, and when the girl gave her the bag she felt about among the bank-notes which she seemed to have loose in it, and drew out a handful of them without regard to their value. "
I hung up my medicine bag, put away my rifle and spear, feeling as if I should want them no more, as I had no desire to raise other war parties against the whites unless they gave me provocation.
All we could do, therefore, was to make a belt of canvas (the captain being always provided with needles, palm, etc., in his bag), and to introduce the
had got in and was jest comin out with bags on their backs, and among ' em I could see the cashiers of the new Deposit Banks, with as much as they could stagger under, and all carryin a label with glory ' and huzza for Gineral Jackson, ' and then agin up went another batch of rockets!
Nothing is left, of all my greatness, but a filthy bag of gold, and an empty cart.
How glad little Mitty was to see that bag of meal!
The boy looked at the faded bag for a moment, and gathering up something like a smile upon his face, he forced the money back upon his mother, himself replacing it in the bosom of her dress. "
Being industrious, she made him beautiful bags from the bark of trees, and dressed the skins of the animals he killed in the most skilful manner.
encouraged to it by his friend Drummond, a Scotchman, and one of the gold discoverers, who, clapping him on the shoulder, said, " Odds, mon, if you are set upon this, there is my large canvass bag, which will hold two or three bushels; take that, and my Malabar boy * ith you for a guide; he knows the place where we found these curious ores, and you can return with a back load of gold. "
We think ourselves entitled to demand of Mr. B. the justice of the old Jewish law, " Thou shalt not have in thy bag divers weights, a great and a small. "
I swore, when that herculean Bim was jolting me to death in the bag, that I would never be caught in such a predicament again -- and now I find myself about to be exposed to the furious fire of Her Majesty's ship Vesuvius!
He was the finest mule we had, and on that account had twice as much to carry as any of the others; his load had never been relieved, and it consisted of four portmanteaus, two of which belonged to me, and contained not only a very heavy bag of dollars, but also papers, which were of such consequence that I could hardly have continued my journey without them.
I returned to the hostelry, and sat down on a log of wood on the hearth within the immense chimney in the common apartment; two surly looking men were on their knees on the stones; before them was a large heap of pieces of old iron, brass, and copper; they were assorting it, and stowing it away in various bags.
As he entered the garden gate she looked round, and seeing the shot bag, guessed, with a woman's rapid wit, what it meant -- caught it up, and stepped out into the porch to meet him.
If you boil the sugar before you add the fruit to it, it will be improved in clearness by passing it through a flannel bag.
one of the engineers, he succeeded in obtaining possession of his stolen bag of gold.
In his eagerness to hook the bags as he leaned over the bank, that treacherous bank gave way, and our excellent bishop himself was now struggling for life in the whirlpool!
The teacher stopped some of our folks, one day, to ask how I was doin ' at my new school, when, of course, the cat was all out of the bag.
sufficient for his purpose, he places it in a bag made of the net-like fibrous substance attached to all cocoanut trees, and compressing it over the bread-fruit, which being now sufficiently pounded, is put into a wooden bowl -- extracts a thick creamy milk.
Mash them soft with a spoon, put them in a bag, and squeeze out the juice.
and her heels flying in the air, while at every jump, the beast flung some article of my personal property, right and left, here a frying-pan, and there a bag of sugar, while Juan came thundering in her wake, swearing indifferently in Spanish and English, and threatening all sorts of personal violence to the longeared offender.
In pursuance of this resolution, having secretly provided a small bag full of provisions, and a couple of spades
Hum -- hum -- (aside) By Gemini, I came within an ace of letting the cat out of the bag.
, and it consisted of four portmanteaus, two of which belonged to me, and which contained not only a very heavy bag of dollars, but also papers which were of such consequence, that I could hardly have continued my journey without them.
Let's put Ned Sikes in a fire bag, ' said he, and sell him to the old man; Ned's dead drunk, and as good as a corpse, ' said he.
The dog perceived this error, and, wishing to rectify it, ran to fetch the bag; but it was too heavy for him to drag along.
So soon as the strangers had done honour to our fellow-traveller, the dram-bottle, one of them stepped to his saddle bags and pulled out a Spanish bottle, observing to our old friend, " that his Redstone was very good it was true, but he thought he had some equally as good, " and invited him to drink.
always been absolute; and removing his spectacles, the good old man rubbed them carefully through the corner of his handkerchief as he said, sadly but decidedly, " Yes, my son, you have made a wise resolve: you are almost a man now (here the youth's face colored), and it's time you were beginning to work for yourself and be a man amongst men; " and approaching an old-fashioned walnut desk in which were kept all manner of yellow and musty receipts and letters, he unlocked it slowly, and pouring from a stout linen bag a quantity of silver, counted the dollars to the number of a hundred, and placing them in the hand of the young man, he said, " A little present to help you on in the world; make good use of it, my boy; but above all things, continue in the honest, straight path in which you have always kept, and my word for it, prosperity will come to you, even
In it the mate had placed a bag of boiled corn beef, and a bag of biscuit, not forgetting a box of wine, the compass, spy-glass, and chart of the river.
we are told, that his wife and family occupied the room in which the debating society to which he belonged met -- they let him occupy it because he had no other -- and he had to move out bag and baggage, wife and children, every Saturday night that they might meet.
Pore peeple, they was all huddled up together, bag and baggage, on the forecastle, and wasn't ' lowed to take the air on the deck no more'n if they'd been so many cattle
Sambo been a Bosson -- fetch bag powder, maka fire-works -- blow up Fourth o'July -- ha -- ha!
So saying, he thrust his hand into his bag, and pulled out a green flask that contained a small supply of whiskey. "
Nay, ' he continued, if there was aught in that bag -- ' Not a bag, my son, rather a knapsack of curious workmanship. '
You must have known many times, Mr. Spiffard, when you have heard and seen just enough to make you draw conclusions, and yet the words you heard, if set to stand alone, would fall down, like an empty bag set on end, and mean nothing. "
Remonstrance and representation of impossibility having been tried in vain, Mr. - prepared to guide me, and // Mr.-, with my bag, parasol, and bonnet in charge, returned to the edge of the pool to watch our progress.
In June, 1836, Mr. Mitchell embarked for America, with Mr. Flynn, by whom he was engaged for the National Theatre, New York, and opened on the twenty-ninth of August, in the " Wandering Minstrel, " and " The Man with the Carpet Bag. "
' Mother ' two or three times, and then began talking: ' Kissy, I want my bag -- where is my thimble -- no, not that I can't remember -- my catechism-book -- my godfathers and godmothers in my baptism, wherein I was made a member -- my Christian name -- my name, it is my Christian name; no, that is not it - " It is a name by which I am Writ in the hook of life, And here below a charm to keep, Unharmed by sin and strife; As often as my name I hear, I hear my Saviour's voice. "
The smoke curled upward from the chimneys of the suburban districts, and little rustic girls and boys were seen in all directions, hurrying homeward with their arms full of shavings -- old women, too, with their bags of rags, betook themselves somewhere -- Heaven only knows whether they had any homes, or where they went -- at any rate, with backs bent under their awful burdens, they turned into lanes and alleys, and disappeared.
I've got it all here in the leather bag for you, hinny; ' twill buy plenty of gay ribbons to tie your pretty hair. "
The basket is left at the end of a row, and both bags taken along: when one bag is as full as it can well be crammed, it is laid down in the row, and the hand begins to fi the second in the same way.
Bugs Take wormwood dried, and put it in bags pricked full of holes, and lay between your bed and sacking mats or boards, and some under the bolster, and under your bed
rattling folks ne'er stand To make and tell the grossest lies off-hand, Which soon flies round like wild-fire far and near: But loose your bag, be't true or false, let's hear.
Now and then they stopped a few moments, to leave a passenger, a package, or a mail-bag; for the strong leathern bags, with brass padlocks, which the driver had carefully packed away under his box, contained the United States ' mails for the towns along his route.
With all this cumbrous load of brave finery on his back, swelled to twice his original dimensions, he looks, for all the world, as he is, like a mere bag of wind, - a scarecrow, to admonish others of the folly of similar depredations.
Effect First Appearance on the Stage Engagement in London Critiques on his Performance of Jem Bags Anecdote of Mitchell and Jerrold Mitchell in Raggs Embarcation for America Olympic Opening Address His Musical Taste, &c.; IN mentioning the arrival of Mr. Mitchell in this country, in a previous chapter, we intended to have gathered material sufficient for a biographical sketch; as it is, however, we can only bestow a glance at the " Olympic Manager. "
For though thou wert as naturally given to grovelling as a football, yet wouldst thou as certainly mount, at every kick, as that same bag of wind.
Just before her sat a large stone vessel, containing the soaking corn for the morning tortillos; drawing forth her bag, she filled it with the swollen grain, and hastened on to where a small black horse was lassoed, having his hay scattered on the ground beside him.
What ho, you bag of chaff -- booby -- Foster -- I say!
The burden was increased, too, by several things belonging to the guide himself, which he put on over all the rest, such as a great-coat and a little bag of provisions.
I once heard a gentleman say he did not like to go through the world with his head in a bag.
-- I then took out the bag of dollars, and locked them up my private drawer, thinking to have some fun when she came home.
Some of the Protestant churches resound with a sacred hymn, or the voice of the clergyman reading a portion of the liturgy or discipline, calculated to inspire charitable feelings, while the contribution-box or bag makes its begging tour among the pews.
The Canton Register says, that the first lesson of a boxer is to thrust, for hours, at a bag of sand, and he varies his assault in the maneuvres called ------ a dragon thrusting out his claws, a drunken his knocking at your door, and a crane and eagle reciprocally embarrassed. '
Well, Jem, " said Archer, " unbutton your bag now; what's the news? "
same green bag on his arm that he ' d carried for fourteen months, and said, Mother, there ' s a pain, ' laying his hand on his head, a great violent pain here. '
Don't I see through the whole of you; and it's all owing to that cussed bag of plunder. "
Baskets were filled, and bags were brought from the wagons.
He ' s been popping some of the corn you gave us, " replied Ella; " and he won't give us a kernel of it, nor tell us where the bag is, so that we
, bags and kags, all full, and should say nigh upon a hundred cord.
small bag of woody earth scraped up in the hold at the foot; and a piece of sail-cloth being rolled up for a pillow, Queequeg now entreated to be lifted into his final bed, that he might make trial of its comforts, if any it had.
The instant she struck her side the boat was cleared immediately of " bag and baggage, " at the " risk of the owners " truly -- and the hurrying passengers had hardly gained a footing upon the guard, before the loud, brief command, " go ahead, " was heard, followed by the tinkling of the engineer's bell, the dull groaning of the ponderous, labouring engine, and the heavy dash of the water, as strongly beaten by the vast fins of this huge " river monster. "
Long before the festivity was over, my companions and myself stretched ourselves on a wide bag of straw, and fell asleep, lulled by the screaming of the dancers. "
No trace was left of that celebrated gallery which had witnessed so many balls and pageants, in which so many maids of honour had listened too easily to the vows and flatteries of gallants, and in which so many bags of gold had changed masters at the hazard table.
Excuse me, sir, but I am very much interested by the name on your bag.
At his left side was a bag, from the top of which peered the heads of two or three singular-looking animals, and at his right was squatted the sullen cub of a wolf
, stout canvas bag or sack, which was secured about him and tied up.
Nature made us individuals, as she did the flowers and the pebbles; but we are afraid to be peculiar, and so our society resembles a bag of marbles, or a string of mould candles.
If hair-cloth bags, however, can not be procured, crape bags may be used instead; but it must be observed, that, whatever sort may /q/ be used, they must be taken off every four or five days, in order to examine the bunches, and to cut out decayed berries, if any should appear.
In such cases, an apparatus is attached to the locomotive office, on which the letter-cariier or guard hangs the bag to be delivered as the train approaches the station.
Now suddenly they pounced upon a bag of faded green, " Why wife, " cries pa, " hang me if here is not a violeen! "
From th&time of my retreat from Russia I had constantly carried around my neck in a little silken bag a portion of poisonous powder which Ivan had prepared for me when I was in fear of
After four o'clock that afternoon he entered the store of Mr. Bayard, bag and baggage.
The stomach is a bag composed of muscles, nerves, and blood-vessels, united by a material similar to that which forms the skin.
That one last word acted as a spur, and Arthur again resumed the packing of the bags, and Quirk coming up to him, said, softly: -- " Now you're a man again -- ain't ashamed of you now.
Thus Clarence Linden is // made, at the first encounter, to salute with a kiss Dame Bingo, the gipsey bag.
The good woman held up her purse -- a little linen bag tied at one end with a tow string, and pretty well distended at the other -- to assure the frugal husband she had not lost it in climbing into the wagon; and having deposited it for safe keeping where old ladies sometimes stow away thread
bag, and comparing the gloom towards the north with the darkness towards the south -- wherever in your wisdom you may conclude to lodge for the night, my dear Ishmael, be sure to inquire the price, and don't be too particular.
I wrapt myself, and a bag of provisions, in a cloak of painted canvass and speeded to the dwelling of Clithero.
Now, every particle of my goods will be sold at Auction; my appearance will excite suspicion; you must bid for the bag, and bring it off -- when I get possession of it, your uncle will readily consent to our marriage.
It is a thread-ball thrown at a mark, but the other end remains in the thrower's bag.
The purchaser handed forth the money in a couple of small bags, and throwing a close veil over the head of the slave, led her away through the narrow and winding streets of old Stamboul to the water's side, where they entered a caique that awaited them, and pulled up the harbor.
The bags must be kept perfectly clean, they should be washed every day in boiling water, with a small addition of the /z/ sub-carbonate of soda.
Sending for a bag of the best of them, I ordered it to be put into the register's boat, informing him at the same time, that I was conscious they were quite unworthy of him, but that I hoped, such as they were, he would allow me to make an offering of them to his wife.
There was a bag of coffee, a keg of sugar, three sacks of salt, and a box of odds and ends for us.
I wasn't in earnest -- I only meant that he had got the bag to hold!
far, as that I, that have borne a bag, be not now in my age forced in effect to bear a wallet; nor that I, who desire to live to study, may not be driven to study to live. '
returned, sooner than she expected, with the liniment, and a bag of warmed sand, which " Mother said (and truly) was the best thing in the world to lay to cold feet. "
She rose stealthily at midnight, tied up a small bundle of clothing, placed a little bag of money in her bosom, paused and gazed lovingly on her sleeping parents, hastily brushed away the gathering tears, and stept out into the moonlight.
' Like a lanyard for your bag; but it's an odd one, seems to me. '	28:31	0:68	 ' Like a lanyard for your bag ; but it 's an odd one , seems to me . '
The best time for this fishery is after a violent tempest; if the wind then changes, the amber is left upon the coast; but if this does not happen, the fishermen must boldly venture into the sea, holding long poles, with bags fastened to them, with which they sweep, as it were, the sands.
There was but a small quantity of powder and ball, few tools to build entrenchments with, and a great deficiency of provisions and clothes for the soldiers.
, and studded here and there with the ripened spheres, like gilded balls.
such strange things as they know how to make, -- they know everything, -- calico and balls of thread, and a thousand things more strange. '
He never came near me all day, and toward night I began to dress for the ball.
The lid of one eye was closed entirely; and that of the other so much so, as just to leave a dull, lead-colored rim of the lower part of the ball visible.
To be sure, he admitted, these balls were nothing to the times in spring, when the lumbermen came out of the woods, to these rural inns. "
No, mother; if I do not mistake, the Bachelor's Ball comes up at another season; but however that may be, I am quite sure that any one of the score, to which we have
The ball is given in honour of her arrival, I hear. "
i. e. potatoes rolled into balls as big as marbles, and baked brown.
I believe a score of balls struck my person, yet they seemed to fall from my cloak harmlessly like hailstones. "
The a-frighted birds fled swiftly, gathering themselves into a mass so dense, that it resembled a black ball.
There was a magnificent ball at the Prince M -- ' s the second evening after Norman's adventure with the panel.
Mr. Millinet reached New York in safety, and solaced himself for his defeat in New England by attention to his pretty person, and his pretty customers, balls, assemblies, and billiards; in process of time made a fashionable failure, a fashionable marriage, and commenced business afresh.
worth seeing, I am told, -- the Century Ball especially.
One object alone, like the black mask at the bridal of Hernani, marred the festivity, and created a discord in the midst of the harmony -- that was uncle Richard, walking up and down the ball room in a meal-colored coat and cowhide boots.
The loudness of this explosion, and the shock which the ball produced in my brain, sunk me into
2 With all the news, and more than all, sir; -- 3 Puffs for the last dramatic star; 4 And cuts at Mrs. M.'s last ball, sir!
Particularly as the weathercock's a silverside, with a gold ball in its mouth!
Make him pay you a quarter for it, and you take the money and spend the hull on it for the ball: that will make the consarn magnificent.
He does not heed the panther, which writhes upon the sod, its skull cloven by the fortunate ball.
It was not, that the pupil enlarged -- but the pupil -- iris -- and ball -- instantaneously, would grow to twice their usual size.
whistling of balls, to that portion of his flock which had taken sanctuary in St. Mary's holy church.
of the balls, shaped out of rock, nearly two feet in diameter, such as used to be employed when it was fired, lie near at hand.
a Camanche arrow will carry farther and kill more surely than the ball of an escopeta, " returned the captain, sharply. "
He laughed at her, and posted off in high glee, throwing his ball before him and running after it at full speed, and he went as fast as his ball.
The trench should be dug at such a distance from the tree as will include all the large and sufficient ball of roots, and it should be done in the spring, or before midsummer, when it is desirable to remove the tree the
But the engineer, pro forma, not being skilled either in mathematics or mechanics, had omitted to point the mortar at a sufficient elevation, and hence the wooden ball was projected in a horizontal direction; and tending downward by its own specific gravity, fell among the sheep.
He went to the ball and polked himself into the good graces of Miss Juliet Trevor.
Every moment, I expected it to give way -- the house rocked to its foundation; but, we were ready to receive them, with one heavy blunderbuss, three muskets, full of balls, and half a dozen cutlasses -- when Mary rushed in, her hair all in disorder, shrieking, that she had seen a face, at the back window; and, that they were forcing their way, through the wood cellar
It was supposed that he would perform some extraordinary exploits, and he was called Onwe Bahmondoong, or he that carries a ball on his back.
The ocean doesn't have any mercy on a body's bones, but tosses you about as if you were an India-rubber ball made on purpose; " added he, bursting into a hearty roar as he caught Mrs. Bates ' eye fastened upon his rotund proportions, as if to ascertain where the bones were. "
Now and then, a central ball was announced, and that followed by two others a full inch or may be an inch and an eighth even from the centre; and once, where two successive balls were within the diamond, the third, by some mischance of the rest depended on, struck on the very edge of the grand circle.
These, our Italian Divinities, my dear Fritz, have been the centres of more active conversation, and the subjects of livelier debate in salon, at ball, and upon the street, than all the political heroes of the hour -- not excepting the sick lion of the South, now mumbling like Dagon in his cave, over the bones of his victims.
Hatchie extracted the balls from this one, and loaded the pair with one ball each, leaving the unmatched one blank.
And he went, and fought at Bunker Hill -- and in the retreat across Charlestown neck he was wounded by a cannon ball from the British man of war.
Uzzial Putnam In his natural tone while the Serjeant is upstage Comfortable -- guess you shall, and have headache enough to carry a double-breasted gristmill or a rifle ball a hundred and
It was untoward; but in the course of the evening she was a little comforted by a proposal from Lady Rotherwood to take her and Lilias to a ball at Raynham, which was to take place in January; and as soon as the gentlemen appeared, they submitted the invitation to their father, while Lady Rotherwood pressed William to accompany them, and he was refusing. '
PAGE The Land-Fever 1 Ball at Thram's Huddle 15 A Forest Fete 27 Love vs.
Make your game, gentlemen, " said this individual, " while the ball spins.
He had, also, with the view of ingratiating himself still more firmly into their good graces, invited several of them, and two or three of their ladies, to the ceremony; having resolved in his own mind that the festivities of the day should conclude with a ball.
the power of any mortal to control, or in the least to restrict -- things will be even as they are -- not a giant's hand were it to sweep and strew death like the poisonous blast of an eastern samul, above the congregated herds of sharpers, rogues, and villains that infest, or rather flourish in society, could succeed in driving vice from the human mind: for ere its task were more than begun, it would tire and give over in despair at the vain attempt; for like the ranks of some numerous army, as one squadron bites the dust from adverse ball and steel, new files succeed, closing each vacant space as though such had never been -- even so, to every knave who repents or gives up business, there are a dozen successors ready to take the ground he leaves, and improve on his knaveries.
the horrible sound of the howlings of wild beasts in the distance; and the last things that his closing, almost sightless balls beheld were the glaring eyes of the monsters of the forest, as they gloated over their prey!
In fact there is nothing more perfect for sporting purposes than a good rifle from a first-rate maker, with a plain ball of from No.
He was one of the cast-iron creatures of our revolution, who having been in many battles, like some of our mud forts, had caught their trick, of growing stronger and more impenetrable by bullet and ball.
The ball was soon restored to its pocket again, a ceremony not very interesting, having been performed with its assistance; -- and then Mr. Sansoucy stretched himself, and passing, in thought, from the worsted ball to its mistress -- from its mistress to the ball of another character -- thence to the dress she had worn -- and thence again to the recipient of the
Pray, Miss Benoir, may I be allowed to ask if those drops are for the ball, tomorrow night?
Scarcely had the words died upon his lips, ere she sprang from the grasp of the officer, and locked her hands around the neck of her lover, exclaiming, " Now you may shoot him through me -- no ball enters his body but through mine.
Such a ball as that is called a balloon, " said his father. "
Billiards, cards, Pharo and other games of hazard, are to be found at every hundred steps, in every street and alley of Paris; haunted by blacklegs in waiting for your purse; and there is scarce a private ball or soiree, even to those of the court, in which immense sums are not lost and won, by gambling.
There, once in a while, was seen the thin, care-worn, melancholy visage of an old tory, with a Wig that, in times long past, had perhaps figured at a Province House ball.
what angry brawls To gain the lady's hand at balls!
He aimed right at the fleshy part of his heart, but the bear dodged at the flash, and rared up, and the balls went into his two hind legs, jist by the jynt, one into each
The ball that wounds the mated dove Inflicts but little pain; But bitter is this shaft of love By which my soul is slain!
Even as he directs the fire, the flanks of his horse are torn in bloody fragments by a cannon ball -- they fall to the earth, the horse, writhing over his prostrate master.
Now, pray, sir, are you and I to go home to our dinners, or are we to swallow a forced-meat ball in the fields?
As it was, however, they approached within a few feet, and got between Luther and the fire, their eyes the while fixed intently on the ball, which the Necromancer, to puzzle them, now commenced turning rapidly over and over in his hands.
Then, bracing his nerves, he proceeded to effect his exit through the opening, and was vigorously struggling to free himself, when a musket ball whistled by his ear and buried itself in the wooden sill of the house.
See, the ball has gone through the very centre of his heart.
At the same instant her two astounded countrymen fell lifeless from the terrace, pierced to the heart by the unerring balls of the sharp shooters.
One said that he had searched the Bible from Genesis to Revelation, and he could not find a text that expressly treated of that enormity, but that was manifestly because it was a sin too heinous to be spoken of in holy writ; he said that dancing was one of the most offensive of all the rites of those savage nations that were under the immediate and visible government of the prince of this world; and, finally, he referred them to the church documents, those precious records of the piety, and wisdom, and purity of their ancestors; and they would there find a rule which prohibited any church-member from frequenting, or being present at, a ball, or dance, or frolic, or any such assembly of Satan; and they would moreover find
asked Miss Calista, a lady of something over thirty, and rather the worse for twelve years ' wear, in the way of balls and parties, the theatre and the opera.
I will submit it to yourself, which is the most elevating employment, to spend one's time and ingenuity in decorating a dress for a ball, arranging a few flowers for the hair, and ransacking every dry goods store for the particular shade of a riband, or faithfully to superintend that domestic economy which gives pleasure to the kind husband, and by regularity and becoming dignity creates the fear of doing wrong in the servants?
Your husband has been killed by a cannon ball, while combating on his quarter deck.
Again: as the profound calm which only apparently precedes and prophesies of the storm, is perhaps more awful than the storm itself; for, indeed, the calm is but the wrapper and envelope of the storm; and contains it in itself, as the seemingly harmless rifle holds the fatal powder, and the ball, and the explosion; so the graceful repose of the line, as
Not a single ball took effect, however; for so fierce and rapid was the charge of the dragoons, down the abrupt hill-side, that the dismounted Mexicans over-shot them, and were in their turn all sabred or shot down, before they had time to draw a sword, much less
-- Saying this, I discharged it; and the ball rattled against the chimney, and came back to my feet. "
of Oude, and are discussed in V. Ball, Jungle Life in India (De la Rue, 1880), pp.
And, believe me, sir, for I say it more in pity than anger, he is a man much given to appropriating to himself the coats and breeches of his friends, and going uninvited to balls. "
I now began to attend balls, and parties of pleasure, and found my mind completely occupied with what 1 daily heard were " innocent amusements. "
Few moments had elapsed before the clatter of the rackets, the lively bouncing of the balls, and the loud voices of the antagonists, announced that heart and spirit were engrossed in the excitement of the game.
Every third word was a quotation; and it was only when the new-comer, who had kept up the ball with no little show of practice and ability, found his corresponding store of quotation utterly exhausted, that he was brought back to the more immediate necessities of his situation.
No, but they are burning now with a quiet, mild lustre, like balls of pearl, with a coal in the centre.
On a green plain, young men were engaged at ball.
Then came the roar of ordnance; in a dozen spots the ponderous balls of stone or metal ploughed their paths of devastation through the French columns; while under cover of their archery, the discomfited islanders filed slowly into their entrenchments -- Charles draw-ing off his troops, in order to reform his array, and give his men brief space for refreshment
Clouds are formed of small globules or little balls of water; and water, I should think, whatever the size of the little
man, having for sceptre a wand with a silver ball, surmounted by the double-headed Austrian eagle.
Of course he stole the greater portion, but nevertheless, in a few weeks he brought me seventy-two pounds ' weight of well-cleaned and perfectly white wax, which he had made up into balls about the size of an eighteen-pound shot.
I fired; the ball entered one shoulder and passed out behind the other.
I was not anxious to keep up the ball of conversation which he had begun with a spirit so mixed up of contradictions -- so earnest yet so playful.
With all the paths of the world now mapped before us, and with means of communication, which, for practical ends, condense the population of the earth, as if the thousand millions were crowded upon a ball of one third the diameter; and with actual colonial possession of a large portion of the earth, and with moral possession, by high character and repute, of almost the whole of it; and with all these uncalculated and untried means of influence now ripened, and presented afresh to our hands, who is it that can altogether control those mingling emotions of patriotism and of expansive benevolence, which become us, occupying as we do a position, whence we may go forth to conquer the world, not for ambition, not for wealth; but for Truth and
That is but proper and reasonable, and I most heartily subscribe to the same,  It is a masked ball that occupies the gay throng in the ducal palace.
Before, however, he could get out of the reach of their muskets, two or three shots, fired by some of the soldiers who had seized their arms, whizzed by him, one of the balls passing through his cap.
I now remembered that one night at a ball in Swansdown, I had been introduced to a stranger of that name; and I cheerfully made known my recognition, and cordially shook his hand; for the very fact that he had been once in the village of my nativity, made him appear to me like an old and valued friend. "
Come, my friends -- who's for the ball? "
It now appears that circumstances connected with the arrest of the parties led to a hostile meeting at Hoboken, early this morning, when Mr. Ellingbourne received the ball of Clifton in his side, near the region
And yet the Round-Rimmers condescend to join the common world in certain of their observances; they have committees, among themselves, where small men swell into great, by dint of volubility and intrigue; they make presentations after their fashion to distinguished men; and give complimentary balls, where they get a fever to a boiling pitch.
Even in the Imperial Treasury the computations were made by the help of balls strung on wires.
Take a ball in each hand, and stretch your hands as far as you can, one from the other; then state /z/ that you will contrive to make both the balls come into either hand, without bringing the bands near each other If any one dispute your power of doing this, you have no more to do, than to lay one ball down upon the table, turn yourself,, and take it up with your other hand.
morning and evening, dined every day in ball, and never went to a single evening party.
whom I found no longer alone, but surrounded by quite a family -- his wife and children -- who, it seemed, had been away at a ball, or other merrymaking, at a neighbouring estate, and had either just returned, or had arrived late in the night, while I was sound asleep.
kite soars high, the ball rebounds, and darts the merry hoop -- The woods re-echo once again, to boyhood's noisy glee, And tiny mills beside the brook are turning rapidly.
Or the ladies of either town may dine at home, figure and make conquests, at a tea-party, or a ball, in the other, on the evening of the same day, and return to breakfast, in their own dwellings, the next morning.
The next evening, to the astonishment of all of us, there was the same bright column of light; it was higher up in the heavens, and we now perceived that it did not shoot up from the horizon, but terminated in a bright star, or ball of fire; and we concluded, that it must be a comet of greater size, in appearance at least, than any which had ever before visited our System.
probably owes the throne to which she does so little credit to the chance ball that killed this famous chief on the balcony of a house in Bilboa.
The clatter of chairs and the jingle of cutlery and plates resound simultaneously with the welcome ringing; and the famished boarders make eager incisions into the hot biscuit and tawny fish-balls, and whittle up the wabbling little balls of butter in a manner which would make a stranger stare.
He skims the blue tide in his birchen canoe, Where the foe in the moon-beams his path may descry; The ball to its scope may speed rapid and true, And lost in the wave be thy father's death cry!
Then cut the dough in small pieces, and knead them into round balls.
Cannon balls flew around and above the assembled mourners.
Edited by THOMAS SERGEANT and JOHN C. LOWBER, Esqrs, of the Philadelphia Bar.
Before the awful bar, th ' almighty throne, In dread I've stood th ' Eternal Judge to see; And fix'd in bliss, or doom'd to ceaseless moan, Have heard the long, the unreversed decree: " Nor earth must know the rest. "
the bar, with unwearied assiduity, till the growing differences of this country with Great Britain, on the subjec.t of neutral trade, brought him again on the theatre of diplomacy.
Now, as I have said before, while I am satisfied -- satisfied, beyond the possibility of a doubt, as we say at the bar -- that you have long entertained feelings toward me, tenderer than mere friendship -- forgive me, Julia, for speaking so very plainly -- I have not been satisfied that they were such as you would certainly feel for the man you should choose out of all the world for everlasting companionship -- no, no, Julia -- however presumptuous I may have been up to the point I have mentioned --
These were composed of a box 9, feet long, and about the same width and depth, formed by light bars, with stronger bars at the corners.
-- you who have created an insuperable barrier to our union, -- you who have placed a chasm between us that can never be overleapt -- a bar that can never be taken down -- a -- ' " Good heavens!
For a long time, Mr. Wirt's chief opponent at the Baltimore bar, was Mr. Taney, the present Chief Justice of the United States.
Such, we may safely venture to say, is now the settled judgment of the bar and the country.
This the ancient Hebrew writers describe as in the central parts of the earth; a vast repository, surrounded by an impassable wall, and fortified with huge gates of brass, and massive bars of iron, which our Saviour by his * Those who wish to see this subject fully and learnedly discussed, I beg leave to refer to Dr. Horsely's Critical Notes on Ilosea, page 257, &c.,; pages 200, 201; and page 46, note 7i; and also his sermon on Christ's Descent into Hell.
We frequently hear arguments at the bar upon subjects fully as perplexed, founded on the most hidden principles of human nature or of civil society, composed too in a style of chaste and even
In this case a link of the same form had been before in use, and it had been strengthened by a bar across it, but a change of the form of this bar, and the manner of attaching it to the link, was considered, and as it should seem with very good reason, by Chief Justice Abbott and Mr. Justice Bayley, to be a good founda- Bruoton?
Du Quesne, with whom we must at present continue, repaired to New-York, where, upon his being admitted to the bar, as in due time he was, his mysterious supply of money was withheld, and he was left without relatives or connexions, to make the usual slow and uncertain progress in the business of his profession.
This shrewd argument not being thought convincing, the secretary continued to read, that ' the execution of the sentence, instead of an act of justice, would appear to all the world, and particularly to their allies, the American States, as an act of vengeance, and that if he were sufficiently master of the French language, he would, in the name of his brethren of America, present a petition at their bar against the execution of
Husband of my soul, to rank and power; aye with your gold, I will unloose the prison bars of Poverty, and let Genius spread its wings, and seek the Sun.
Blazeaway walked up to the bar, exclaiming -- " The thing was well done and justly.
In another set of experiments upon bars of willow 3 feet long and 1.5 inch square, the mean strength of 6 uncut bars was 525 lbs.
Such, my dear sir, are our sentiments on the subject of emancipation; and, although we can not admit of one word of argument in favor of a system which violates the laws of God, and the natural rights of man-which makes him, who was born our equal, live our slave; still, our abhorrence of the system is qualified by a consideration of the peculiar circumstances of the case: we recognize that first law of nature, which enjoins self-preservation, at any hazard; and we should as soon think of enjoining upon the keeper of a caravan, to break the bars of his cages, and unchain his tigers, as to bid the planters restore the blacks to liberty at once.
Is it desirable, that, in all the States, as is notoriously the case in one or two already, such appointments should be made as to render the bench an object of contempt and derision to the bar?
Then the lake whitened, and the trees threw themselves across the lawn, and Wolfgang came out from what had hitherto been but a dark spot on the gravel walk; and then -- " The rising moon has hid the stars; Her level rays, like golden bars, Lie on the landscape green, With shadows brown between. "
After this he studied law, and was a contemporary at the bar with General Hamilton, Mr Harrison, Judge Benson, Mr Troup, Mr Burr, and others, all of whom were very eminent lawyers.
-- Seven of the most enterprising whalers still hung on our heels, and to-day found us all at a bar beyond which there was a sea of water.
-- Revenge may draw a subsidy from pain, Wringing stern usury from woman's woe, And infancy's distress; but is it well For souls that hasten to a dread account Of motive and of deed at Heaven's high bar, To break their Saviour's law?
While in this predicament, I turned round to my fool friend -- says I, Bill, ' says I, you're an ass -- you're a fool -- you might as well have tried to kill that bar by barking the tree under his belly, as to have done it by hitting him in the head.
Overlooking from its Gothic bartizan, the market-place of the old city, stood one of those gloomy dwellings, with its turretted gable to the street, its oaken portal clenched with many a massive spike and bar, and its narrow casements subdivided by stone transoms, which are yet to be seen in several of the Scottish boroughs, presenting evident traces of having been erected in that iron time, when every man's house was in truth his castle.
Nor was this all: his nephew was at the time preparing for the bar, and soon after the above circumstance occurred his certificates were presented, and refused, with this declaration, " that no man of the name and family of F. should be admitted. "
Before and behind these boxes was a screw, and there was a spout to convey to a vessel, placed below, the must which would flow through the bars to the bottom on the pressure being applied.
The Commons, who are the people, when ordered to the bar of the Lords, humbly present themselves bareheaded before the peers, who remain covered.
In the cellar of this woman, whose trade was the fostering of crime in children as destitute as myself, there was a bar and a back cellar, where as many as twenty boys and girls slept on straw and were educated in vice.
His Honor's blushes seem somewhat overtaxed; Madame, on the other hand, is not at all disconcerted; indeed, she claims an extensive acquaintance with the most distinguished of the Bar.
And upon questions involving the lex loci, he has triumphantly shown, that he can master the results of foreign jurisprudence, and, as in the very interesting case of Dalryrnpie v. Dalrymple, compose the strifes of the learned advocates of the Scottish bar, and fix forever upon an immovable basis a question, which had vexed the
Was it not calculated to have a salutary effeel, both upon the bar and the bystanders, to show, that, throughout the world, wherever civilization has dawned, there was but one feeling and one voice with regard to an offence of this sort, and that a voice of unmingled reprobation?
We left him in a boat on the river, having those evil plotters in custody -- but he was directed to release them on the island bar.
These were composed of a box 9, feet long, and about the same width and depth, formed by light bars, with stronger bars at the corners.
that is, with the parallel lines, the divisions of bars or measures, and the characters which represent let * ters.
Copley went to law with him; and his son, (now Lord Lyndhurst,) who was just admitted to the bar, gained his father's cause.
, a distinguished member of the New-York bar, and subsequently secretary of the Washington Insurance Company in this city.
said Ned, still brandishing the iron bar. "
And the little boy threw down the bars which guarded the entrance.
O how wortliless, how contemptible will all the kingdoms of the world, and all the glory of them seem to a man on a bed of pain, in the gate of death, at the bar
You are taking the pegs out of the bars, but I will not run wild -- I am impatient to know about Christ; what will you say of him?	37:41	0:132	 You are taking the pegs out of the bars , but I will not run wild -- I am impatient to know about Christ ; what will you say of him ?
In fact, the bar to beautiful structures does not exist so much in the incapacity of tl) e people, as in that of the artist himself.
Thar may be such a thing as narvious, stranger, but nothin ' but a yarthquake, or the agee, can shake me; and still bar hunting ain't as easy as scearing a wild turkey, by a long shot.
At another side of the hall is the bar, a handsomely decorated apartment, where lovers of such beverages can procure " toddy, " " night-caps, " " mint julep, " " gin sling, " &c.; On the door of my very neat and comfortable bed-room was a printed statement of the rules, times of meals, and charge per diem.
He strangled himself with his neckcloth, and thus rushed to a bar where suitable judgment for crimes like his could alone be dispensed.
But as for you, you damned skulking scoundrel, know that neither bars, bolts nor red coats can detain a true American soldier against his will, even at the head quarters of General Clinton himself.
I view thy lattice -- bars unfold -- Thy footstep lingers near: Fond trembler lull those feverish throbs, No ill can reach thee here.
The Rising Sun was lost on the bar of Charlestown; and of the colony, not more than thirty
But I determined, by following at a distance, to learn where she resided, for I had given my happiness into her keeping, and I made up my mind on the spot that if her poverty should prove the only bar to an honorable union with her, I would offer my
Necessity Makes bold to ope the door which fashion's portress Would bolt and bar against him. '
Practically, we know that nine tenths either goes to the mint as soon as it is washed out of the earth, or is cast into stamped bars which perform all the purposes of coin.
The soft, earnest, quiet moonbeam looks in fixedly, marking the bars of the grated windows on the prostrate, sleeping forms.
The animals manifestly enjoyed the affair; hens of maternal character clucked mid late broods, and some wallowed in dust; geese hissed; ducks quacked; and dogs, in all quarters, ran, barked, and wagged their very tails for gladness; while shaggy horses peeped in wonder over bars, or hung tenderly about the barn and corn cribs.
The mouth of the Columbia is upwards of four miles wide with a peninsula and promontory on one side, and a long low spit of land on the other; between which a sand bar and chain of breakers almost block the entrance.
After alluding to the gratitude his hearers ought to feel at not being thus hurried, like poor Sill, without time for preparation, before the bar of Judgment, who, however, he hoped
He noiselessty crossed the bars and entered a little path that led through a grove to the door.
At length, in the year 1789, he was called to the Irish bar; but he declares with his usual na * vet6, that though he went circuit three times, and dressed himself in a foolish wig and gown, yet he was modestly speaking, one of the most ignorant barristers in the Four Courts. '
// swollen salary or rich perquisites had nourished-too late in life to return to the bar, too early to retire to private life, even if able to do it; but destined to languish out ten or fifteen years in poverty and ennui, which might have been the most useful, respectable, and satisfactory portion of their lives!
, the United States, through the efforts of the Britisb press, have been placed as criminals before the bar of ' the Christian world, and almost ostracized from all community with civilized nations.
35 // come Lord Chancellor, for as that splendid office is not handed down by hereditary descent, some member of the bar must obtain it; and this hope, slight as it is, is one of the springs which keep up the activity and learning of the profession.
I made no promise, " said Bars, as soon as he was set at liberty, " though I will behave as if I had.
The tree stands on a base of gray and black intertwined bars, referred to as a wreath in heraldic terms.
ly assisted by gentlemen of the bar, so called, (great numbers of xvhorn are always at hand, ready for such undertaking) when after a few years constant attendance upon courts, and the lay. "
They passed an island -- a narrow bar of sand with a few stray blades of grass scattered along its centre, as if to set off the baldness of the remaining portions, while a stunted poplar marked the spot where stood a small hut nearly dismantled by the tempests and the droughts of successive seasons.
Exit, leaning on William, D. R. H. Landlord retires behind bar.
bar of the House, against the matter of the charges exhibited against him, and praying, also, for a copy of the charges; both of which were granted.
the dry, severe, and technical learning of the law, and accordingly upon the completion of the customary term * f legal study, he was not admitted to the bar.
Next, the windows were enlarged in length and breadth, the bars removed, and a noisy pair of shutters given to each.
I will meet thee, but it must be at the bar of thy Maker.
It is difficult to draw a just parallel between the American and English bars, for two reasons; first, because in the former, the various departments of legal business are united in the same individual; and, secondly, because their period of preparatory study is much shorter, and their means and system of education greatly inferior; if proper allowance be made for these disadvantages
Her voluminous discourse involved her opinions of her neighbors, friends, and relatives; and, one day, a few weeks after, I was suddenly surprised by a visit from a gentleman -- one of the members of the bar -- who placed a letter in my hands from Mr. Perkins.
Then the way his eyes flashed -- why the fire of them would have singed a cat's hair; in fact that bar was in a wrath all over.
Losing sight of this ship in a storm, he sailed for the harbour of St. Augustine, passed over the bar, and engaged two armed vessels for an hour and a quarter, with the Intention to hoard them; but they pushed towards the town and were rescued by six galleys, which came out and joined in the action.
When I was admitted to the bar at twenty-one, she was sixteen -- the age in our southern country when a maiden looks her loveliest.
A pretty figure,  grunted Bars, " my red crop would make on the top of one of them salvages.
At last, on Monday the 3d of January, 1642, the first business day of that year, the king sent a sergeant at arms to the bar of the house, to demand of the speaker five of the most distinguished members
cried the count, his eyes seeming to flash fire through the bars of his vizor, and he stamped violently on the ground as he spoke -- " Splendor of God!
A community provided with ample resources against an endless increase of members, and enjoying a free bar, a free senate, and a free press, if true to herself, must do great things.
Before a legal tribunal, the want of conclusive testimony of guilt justifies an assumption of innocence; but at the bar of public opinion, a man who fails to repel suspicion and reproach virtually indorses the correctness of the popular verdict.
One of the bars of the prison- window had become detached, so that it could be removed without any difficulty, allowing any one of moderate dimensions to get through the aperture.
Under this system of individual property, there is no bar to the right of Usufruct, and the fields, gardens, workshops and manuikctories, with the use of tools, implements and machinery, can be thrown open to all the mernlvcrs of the Association, and the fullest right of cultivating and working in them is extended to every person without restriction.
Mill bars made in the bloomeries in Essex County cost forty-five dollars, delivered at Troy.
The necessary fittings-up of a gymnastic ground are as follow: -- a horizontal bar, a vaulting horse, a leaping-stand, and ladders of rope and wood.
What made you, Sam Bars, take all the ornaments off Philip but the bracelets, without saying anything to me? "
gainsay, and a virtue that he dare not revile; and he stood behind the bar, looking like one who had just seen his grandmother's ghost.
You sire -- advance dis chair un peu Bar.
The bar had buried itself two inches in my neck.
Crossing the Takhoma branch, here thirty yards wide, we kept up the main river, crossing and recrossing the stream frequently, and toiling over rocky bars for four miles, a distance which consumed five hours, owing to the difficulties of the way.
Well, stranger, that bar finally got so sassy, that he used to help himself to a hog off my premises whenever he wanted one; the buzzards followed after what he left, and so, between bar and buzzard, I rather think I was out of pork. "
My impression is, that in point of skill and professional ability the Minnesota bar is a little above the average of territorial bars.
The disconsolate soldier accordingly wended on his way, to tell the best story he could to save himself from blame; while Bars, after relocking his empty prison, and barring his door, snuggled himself alongside his partner to busy his rather obtuse brain with schemes of a like nature on his own behalf.
Hence the expense is very great for vessels of large burthen; and rather than incur it, many ships, after being towed over the bar, which, at this season, can not be crossed otherwise, work their own way up to town, which, with a fair wind, may be effected in twenty-four hours, the distance being but one hundred and five miles; but it not unfrequently takes them ten or fifteen days.
And the indictment, in the case at bar, is bad, because each of the
Besides, nothing was more common in America, than for young men who were intended for the bar to enter in the first instance upon a course of theology, as it also was for ecclesiastics, to devote themselves to the profession of the law.
Then he must understand the effect which the tannin, which is contained in oak bark, has upon the hide; what the substance called tannin is, and whether it does not exist in greater quantities or better qualities ir other barks or woods, or in some substances which are not bar!
What shall we say of this when done, not merely in the course of argument at bar, in which, as already observed, counsel are not understood to speak in their individual capacity; but in an address to the public, through the columns of a newspaper, with the sanction of a name; against a foreigner, partially acquainted with our language, and friendless, except so far as his cause has gained him friends; when done, in fine, by an individual, himself a foreigner, himself an exile from a xvronged, oppressed, insulted, country; himself obnoxious to the stale national sneers and the proverbial sarcasms, of all who can find it in their hearts to indulge in this species of warfare?
The bars and bolts are just as I left them, " said Bim, " black and rusty.
He speeded swiftly into the hall; unfastened the door -- the old bar crumbled as he pulled it down -- and was in the open air.
The beautiful steed of Champ was one of the number, and Lee could scarcely restrain his joy, as he saw him proudly champing his bit, and anticipated the pleasure with which his faithful officer would again remount him.
He says he never knew four short bits ' turn out so well in the long run, and it is his favorite maxim, that a man never loses any thing by being generous.
Let me throw it out, them, to the ladies, who have the power in their hands (though it may seem like a bit of stolidity, and mock seriousness,) -- if it is not better after all, to cultivate the dignity of the Roman matron, or the fidelity of the Spartan mother, though they were
Of course this little bit of unprofessional practice was followed by a relapse, and it was almost the middle of June before I was again able to go about.
brother, for both were in truth Mrs. Leroy's children, received this bit of pleasantry with a glow of sullen anger, and stretching forth his foot from beneath the table, bestowed a sudden kick on the unruly author of the mischief.
I ha'n't seen a bit of meat these six weeks.
Much that is false in quality or strained in sentiment he mixes with occasional bits of truth, fresh and vigorous from Nature.
The last form hut one tool, the stock being the handle, to the bottom of which may be fitted a variety of steel bits of different bores and shapes, for boring and widening out holes in wood and metal, as countersinks, rimers, and taper shell bits.
What hope is there of the quadruped's ever bearing bit or bridle, when even the want of food won't make him docile?
But why in the name of the Vargin don't you ate sir, and drink a bit of the wine, it will strangthen your stomach. "
Here, drink, and let your tongue have a bit of a holiday. "
she might well say that -- but divil a bit of her was I going to lave if she hadn't a tould me.
of delight when Rose feigned a sudden surprise at seeing him, and whose happiness on this morning, reached its climax upon his being summoned within to receive a bit of crisp, brown candy, which she had begged for him from her mother.
cheese-room, dye-room, sink-room, airy, piazza, hen-roost, cupboard, wardrobe, scullery, with its soap-barrel, pot of soap-grease, a range of shelves filled with rusty nails, bits of iron hoops, broken trays, hammer, wedges, chizel; tar-pot, swill-pail, bench, churn, basket of apples, kittens, chickens, pup, row of earthern milk-pans drying about it -- take it for all in all, we shall never look upon its like again!
Should he come to a bit of gravel, he lays it on his head, and flings it out; should the stone be too large, he shoulders it and carries it on his hack up the sloping side of the pit; if this can not be done, he either leaves the pit or works the stone into the wall.
Tom swore Bob was the best bit o ' horse flesh in New York.
After a little, the roadway descended into a bit of smooth meadow, well walled in with trees, and lost itself there.
of water, he found then, and from that time henceforth, prepared neatly, on a little waiter, bread, butter, and a bit of cold meat.
You shall be served, sir; and with the better will, since you seem to be, as it were, of a God-serving turn, -- but walk in, your worship, and sit down in my bit of a place; which, though a homely one, and within the four walls of a jail, is, I thank the Lord, like that into which Paul and Silas were thrust, a place where prayers and praises are often heard.
The boys had planted their feet on a little bit of an island, around which the water gurgled; and Clapham, turning his eyes from the brook to the wooded hills, lit up with a shower of golden light, said, " Hal, is not this here brook a pretty kind of looking-glass? "
The latter sat with her cheeks flushed, biting the fingers of her gloves into bits, with side-long glances at me, and a malicious smile upon her face.
Just read me a bit of fresh Court news, will you?
A bit of hoecake, and a slice of cold, fried bacon -- the latter an unwonted luxury in his dungeon -- were brought to sustain the boy in his up-hill labors with Poor Pilgrim.
He dipped pretty largely into Mexican mines, and was bit; he undertook to improve the breed of horses in Peru, and was bit; he attempted to establish steam cotton-factories in Colombia, and was bit; he bought largely into a Chilian Steam-boat Company, and was bit; till, finally, he resolved to visit South America himself, " to
His horse, endowed as it would seem with an instinctive knowledge of what was in the wind, did not so much as champ its bits, much less paw up the ground, or neigh,
They lay mingled with other natural stones, some of which bore the marks of having been burned by Indian fires, and some by the sun, and also bits of pottery and glass brought hither by the recent cultivators of the soil.
Emily Brown and one of Fanny's sisters were with her up stairs, and when her mother came in and told her in plain words, that Philip had come drunk to be married, Em said that every bit of color left Fanny's face.
It was no difficult work to follow the course the brute had taken with his victim, for bits of clothing and hair and stains of blood were plentiful enough on the bushes through which he had dragged his prey.
I pray you therefore -- -- Stooping down and searching for a bit of brick, and grinding it to dust with his heel -- I pray you therefore to let me go forth -- -- Bedaubing his whole visage with it, before he lifted his head -- You can not save me, nor help me -- Shouldering up his blanket and grasping a short rifle.
And now I'll take some bread and cheese, or a bit of cold chicken and a mug of cider, with a pipe of tobacco.
The engine lays one of ITS fingers calmly, but firmly, upon a bit of metal; it is a coin now, and will remember that touch, and tell a new race about it, when the date upon it is crusted over with twenty centuries.
But mind ye, I have first got to deliver a little bit of an oration for the benefit of the gentlemen outside, if so be that they're within ear-shot, as I surmise. '
Sorrow a bit of life's left in the old man any how.	11:14	0:53	 Sorrow a bit of life 's left in the old man any how .
He is an independent abstraction -- one of that class, who do not seem aware that any feelings are to be consulted but their own, and who take the last bit, as if unconscious that it is consecrated to that useful divinity " manners; " lads, who always run in first when the bell rings, and can not get their boots off when any body tumbles overboard; who, when compelled to share their bed with another, lie in that engrossing posture called " cattycornered, " and when obliged to rise early, whistle, sing and dance, that none may enjoy the slumbers denied to them; -- in short, he strongly resembles that engaging species of the human kind, who think it creditable to talk loud at theatres and concerts, and to encore songs and concertos which
One day, when Fanny and Miss Atherton were together in the latter's chamber -- it was one of those gloomy days of autumn when the fire looks so pleasant within and everything so unpleasant without -- on such a day, while Fanny was busied with a bit of fancywork, Miss Atherton was busy in rummaging in her trunks among a number of letters and trinkets, when looking up, she said: " Fanny, what a dull day -- it's enough to give one the horrors to look out;
Take a hundred and fifty fine large oysters, and pick off carefully the bits of shell that may be sticking to them.
I only see a little bit, but of course you know the rules and
There was a bit of paper attached to the bundle, which proved to be a memorandum of the articles it contained, by Mr. G. himself.
and a bit of a shrew; Now you dear little thing, light and airy, Pray do nt you think I could hold you?
Maria, ' she would say, ' of a thing with a weasel of dirty paints in his hands, and a bit of canvas, cut, may be, from some old ship's sail, before him, and he trying to get some curious notion upon it!
Brother, ' said I, as we stood side by side, again, holding our horses by the bit and throat lash, to steady them, under the movement of the boat -- this is the third time that
who was only thirty-four; and Miss Ellen whispered back, in reply: -- " She hasn't the slightest bit of shame! "
We had a little bit of a tussle here to see who should be appointed agent to go to Washington to tell the President to hold on to the territory down to Madawaska.
said the old lady, " every bit and grain of my comfort is gone, " and removing her spectacles she continued silently rubbing them through her apron till Ellen, who was standing at the window on tip-toe, announced that Jane Stilman was coming with her " changeable silk on. "
Lay the beef in the middle of the sheet of paste, and put on the top a bit of butter rolled in flour.
The best of us are but sinful, and the bit will get between the teeth. "
I have been to work on it ever since we was at the RipRaps; and tho ' it has been sometimes all pulled to bits, to git in some notions we didn't think on, yet it will look pritty slick, I tell you when it ' s done; and we will lay on paint enuf to kiver up all the cracks and seams.
Tremblingly she drew from the bosom of her faded frock a bit of green silk.
She found that individual in, behind his counter, dealing flattery on a bumpkin customer by wholesale, for the purpose of getting a retail profit of a sixpence out of him in the sale of a bit of ribbon for his sweetheart.
and a magnifying-glass, abroad after flowers and butterflies or bits of variegated flint; and there another group, their cheeks flushed with joy and their eyes lighted with girlish hope, ascending and descending by the hour -- like the shapes that were seen by the patriarch -- between the top of the cliff and the narrow beach below, and by a path as like a ladder as a path could well be: here a cottage or two half buried among the trees, and there a fisherman's hut which appears either to have slipped down, hut hedges earth and all, from the very top of the cliff, or to have been carried where it is by a very high tide.
Two large tears orbed themselves beneath the Professor's lids, - - in obedience to the principle of gravitation celebrated in that delicious bit of bladdery bathos, " The very law that moulds a tear, " with which the " Edinburgh Review " attempted to put down Master George Gordon when that
Nor did he slacken rein till the feet of his work horses struck on the pavement before the main entrance of the house, and with their sides panting against the wide bands of faded leather composing their harness, stood champing the bit, and foaming as though they had run a race.
It would have passed for a bit of Mexican sculpture, if it had been dug up in that part of the world.
Over the first door are the words, " Hopital des Foux, " over the second, " Hopital des Malades, " and over the third, " Hopital des Gueux " Another caricature represented Law sitting in a large caldron, boiling over the flames of popular mad ness, surrounded by an impetuous multitude, who /z/ were pouring all their gold and silver into it, and receiving gladly in exchange the bits of paper which he distributed among them by handfuls.
Ellie carefully arranged the cover, and suppressing her tears, betook herself to kindling the two or three bits of wood which she had reserved.
I shall send you a little bit of it with regard to Lord Byron, which I for got to send you before, and you can mention it or not, as it suits your pur
surveyors met, and, notwithstanding long rigmarole remarks from farmer Styles, who was a bit of a scamp, the surveying progressed rapidly.
Some insects, disgusted with the insecurity of life and property on earth, deposit their eggs, so that their young may first see the light under water; the grubs provide a lodging with leaves, straws, or bits // of stone.
The wild beast in his forest haunt, Must own him for his lord: // The desert steed, no dangers daunt With fiery hoof and flying mane, And mouth unworn by bit or rein, Must feel the lash and cord: And to the neck-encirling yoke, The untamed mountain-bull be broke.
Bits of artificial flowers are strewn about the carpet, a shawl is seen thrown over one chair, a mantle over another; the light is half shut off-everything bears evidence of the gaieties of luxurious life, the sumptuous revel and the debauch.
No merchant has been up the country lately, and his majesty is out of paper; so I wrote my official letter on a bit of slate, and here is the copy.
been through so much excitement as you have lately; and, " continued Willoughby, smiling, " a man who keeps all his passions down with the rein and bit, except his ambition, must expect the blues, as you call them -- particularly, if he has such strong passions, in other respects, as a certain friend of mine, they will get the bit between their teeth, sometimes, and bound away.
the copies of architectural beauties, and small bits of landscape, by Messrs.
Lay it on a stand or trivet in a deep dish or pan, and stick it over with bits of butter rolled in flour.
Disperse among the pieces some very small bits of alum, each about the bigness of a grain of corn, and allowing one bit to every pound of the melon-rind.
Yon gallant steed impatiently champs his bit, as if he longed for his lovely burthen. "
And your wives, like sensible women, as our wives and daughters are, would, if by accident they did meet them, never let you have a bit of sleep until you sent them to old Graspum's flesh-market, had them sold, and the money put safely into their hands.
Thus you will see a shopkeeper parading about with mustaches; a soldier prattling to a girl about ribbons and gew-gaws; a man of great science, who never knew how to make a tolerable bow, tripping up a room as if he were employed to walk a minuet, while a dancingmaster of the upper class would play the lounger by trade; here a cast-iron political economist trying to remember a line of poetry, or to introduce a bit of a metaphor -- a bad one too -- where ever so good a one would be out of place; and there a poet losing himself utterly on the subject of free-trade; here a man of wit playing the fine-gentleman, there the fine-gentleman crowding himself into a group of authors, and affecting to deal in repartee -- here a sketchpainter who would be a critic, there a critic who would be a a painter; here a fellow with a -- but enough.
Doat on her charms, as misers doat on pelf And like Narcissus pines for pretty self, Check her betimes, before too late you find Self love the ruling passion of her mind; Ere she assume those gestures, and grimaces, Which pretty simpletons mistake for graces, Who set themselves up beauties by profession, And think to hold all hearts in their possession, (As boys string bird's eggs on a bit of thread) By charms, which rival goddesses might dread.
Here, you Mose, Pete, " he said, breaking off liberal bits, and throwing it at them; " you want some, don't you?
The merchant might be content with his princely mansion, comfortably garnished with all the appliances for bed, books, and board; but the lady must astonish her opposite neighbors, by the magnificence of her curtains, and must ransack Marley's or Baudouine, for some bit of furniture more outr than any in the possession of her very dear friend Madame Somebody else.
They drew me about half a pint of whiskey, which I barely tasted, and then Conn brought me a bit of meat, about as big as my two fingers, and a like bit of bread.
He showed us a mite that had lived three months glazed to a bit of glass, and a beetle which had been above three years without eating, and seemed not particular how long it lived; a spider also which had been kept one year on the same abstemious /z/ regimen, and yet was going on living as usual.
The surface seemed entirely covered with a discoloring substance resembling bits of chopped hay, with jagged ends, each
This good dame divided her time between squeezing the steaks, turning the corn cakes, kicking the dogs and administering various cuffs to sundry little black urchins, who were on the lookout to snatch a bit of the " hoe cake " whenever they could elude the argus eyes of Aunt Esther.
You will see these persons round the stores, looking for bits of paper, and silk, and calico, that are swept out by the clerks, upon the pavement; you will see them watching round provision shops, for decayed vegetables, and fruits, and rinds of melons, which they sell to keepers of pigs; you will see them picking up peach stones to sell to confectioners, who crack them and use the kernels; you will see them round old buildings, carrying off, at the risk of cracked heads, pieces of decayed timber, and old nails; you will see them round new buildings, when the workmen are gone to meals, scampering off with boards, shingles, and bits of scaffolding.
Though I am a small bit of an Irishman, I sha
Do you know that when I offered this morning to stay by the childer while she took a bit of sleep, that instead of resting her soul and body, she went and washed her things in the river, and got leave to iron in the house yonder, and did it all as particular as it might have been done for you, my leddy. "
It was, however, a highly fashionable bit of pasteboard, as became
Well, Simon,  said Carrie, " I 'm so glad you are here with him; I should never take a bit of comfort if you were not.
Aunty, do you feel nervous the least bit?
The snow had covered up every chance bit and chip; and she well knew that she could not hope for anything there.
Betsey hoped the lady wouldn't go out to ride in her carriage, and forget, as she sometimes did, to pay her mother; and she hoped the cook would give her some cold tea to warm for their supper, and perhaps a bit of meat, or some potatoes.
But, be that as it may, the birds pitch down, each into the best bit of covert he can find, and squat there like so many stones, leaving no trail or taint upon the grass or bushes, and being of course proportionally hard to find; in half an hour they will begin, if not disturbed, to call and travel,
His suspicion that their ponies had taken the matter into their own hands, -- or rather the bits into their own teeth, was of short duration; and as they advanced with increased rapidity, he saw plainly, by the mirthful rivalry displayed in all their actions and gestures, that they were positively running a race, the scarlet mantle being the winner, -- or, so far, at least, as a full length would go, in full prospect of winning.
Joseph, " said I, interrupting him, " you'll spoil that book; here's a bit of paper, if you wish to make more calculations. "
While he ' showed him the casts there, he told him that, whenever he wished to copy any thing, he /z/ should always find a bit of carpet to cut his chalk upon, and gave him a carte-blanche to the Fine Arts room, with its valuable engravings. "
I've got the pipes, dochthor, dear -- but sorrow a bit of tibaccy.	53:56	0:68	 I 've got the pipes , dochthor , dear -- but sorrow a bit of tibaccy .
I say, stranger, here's a house -- a bit of a tavern, I suppose; yes, there are wagons -- and there's a light in the bar-room -- they be in
Mr. Brown then was nominated as cook; but as he insisted that he could cook " never a bit of a male but only roast potatoes, " and we had unluckily no potatoes stored, the important office was after due deliberation bestowed on the chairman himself.
Mamma, I once remember cutting a bit of paper into halves -- that is to say, I first cut it into halves, and then cut one half into halves and so on, till my scissors would not divide the little bit.	197:200	0:201	 Mamma , I once remember cutting a bit of paper into halves -- that is to say , I first cut it into halves , and then cut one half into halves and so on , till my scissors would not divide the little bit .
But as I was saying, my lady's mother is dead, she died when my lady was a bit of a child -- and many's the day I've carried her in my arms, and learn'd her to spake English.
Hear him with open mouths, and if you can throw in a bit of blarney, let it be done.
Dr Franklin was the first chairman of this committee.
When the report of a committee is to be made, the chairman, or member appointed to make the report, standing in his place, informs the assembly, that the committee, to whom was referred such a subject or paper, have, according to order, had the same under
As chairman of the Committee on the Geological Survey, Mr. Buel made an able and scientific report, setting forth its probable benefits; and amongst these, the manufacture of salt, in which his predictions and arguments have been verified.
The procession moved through several streets to Franklin Hall: and here, when General Lafayette alighted, the chairman of the selectmen addressed him thus: -- " SIR, " The selectmen of Portsmouth, in behalf of their fellow citizens, most respectfully and heartily
Where but one presiding officer is appointed, in the first instance, his place can only be supplied, in case of his absence, by the appointment of a president or chairman pro tempore; and, in the choice of this officer, who ought to be elected before any
Should a division be called for any time previous to the result being declared by the /z/ Chairman, he will say " a division is called for gentleman in the affirmative will please rise. "
When the report of a committee is to be made, the chairman, or member appointed to make the report, standing in his place, informs the assembly that the committee to Proceedings of Committees.
The Report of the select committee to which the subject was referred in the Mississippi Legislature, drawn by its chairman, James E. Matthews, Esq.
The naming of the chairman of a committee of 172 Parliamentary Practice.
If the worthy chairman will but read the Wealth of Nations, we assure him he will find it a perpetual feast.
Maxcy, chairman of the committee on Education and Public instruction.
To organize by choosing one of their number as chairman.
175 rises, the presiding oflScer resumes the chair of the assembly, and the chairman of the committee informs him that the committee of the whole have, according to order, had under their consideration such a matter, and have made some progress therein, but, not having had time to go through with the same, have directed him to ask leave for the committee to sit again.
From the beginning, it furnished evidences of a sure and ultimate triumph; first a speak no larger than a man's -- no, not so large -- no larger than a clerk's hand, appeared in one of the public prints, a mere paragraph; then the anonymous call of a public meeting; then the proceedings thereat, with a brief reference to several eloquent and masterly speeches delivered; a chairman's name appended at full length, in large, and two secretaries, in small type; then a petition drawn up, a delegation of clerks appointed to bear it before the masters -- the mighty retailers themselves; and then, it sounded like a report of cannon throughout all clerkdom, four
He was placed second on the Committee on Foreign Affairs; of which he soon became chairman, on the retirement from Congress of Gen. Porter.
Mr. C., the chairman, said, " Brethren, there is strong authority in favor of the sermon.
The war suspended operations, but soon after it ended, invitations were addressed to a hundred persons in the city of New-York, to meet at the City Hotel, and at this meeting, William Bayard was chairman, and John Pintard, secretary, and Judge Platt made an address, pointing out the advantages of the canal.
George Clinton, the Chairman of the Committee of Safety at Albany.
The moment he ceases, the chairman of the committee will address the presiding officer of the meeting, and say: " Mr. Chairman the committee appointed to prepare resolutions, have instructed me to report the following, " and then hand
Pending the discussion of these resolutions the chairman of the Committee on Territories prepared and reported to the Senate, on the 25th of March, two bills-one for the admission of California into the
The statement in 298, that, where a chairman is to be appointed by vote, the question is to be put by some member in the committee, though laid down by Mr. Jefferson on the authority of an old writer on parliamentary proceedings, is not sanctioned by Hatsell, or borne out by the modern practice in the British Parliament, in both houses of which the practice as above stated prevails.
The chairman, and of course every person present, not excepting myself,
H. BROUGHAM, Esquire, M. P. F. R. S. Chairman of the Committee.
The Chairman of the select Committee, to whom the subject was referred by the Overseers, gives a brief but able argument in favor of the plan, considered from a somewhat different point of view.
The Mayor, from his first induction in 1823, had taken the place of chairman of every Committee of the Board of Ald * er.
usual and convenient mode of organizing a deliberative assembly is the following: The members being assembled together, in the place, and at the time, appointed for their meeting, one of them, addressing himself to the others, requests them to come to order; the members thereupon seating themselves, and giving their attention to him, he suggests the propriety and necessity of their being organized before proceeding to business, and requests the members to nominate some person to act as chairman of the meeting; a name or names being thereupon mentioned, he declares that such a person (whose name was first heard by him) is nominated for chairman, and puts a question that the person so named be requested to take the chair.
For a moment the company ceased its clamor, out of respect to the chairman's cough; and, having cleared his throat with the contents of a tumbler of Monongahela which seemed to stand permanently full by his side, he recommenced the proceedings; the offender, in the meantime, standing mute and motionless, now almost stupified with terror, conscious of repeated offences, knowing perfectly the reckless spirit of those who judged him, and hopeless of escape from their hands, without, in the country phrase, the loss at least of " wing and tail feathers. "
Then there's you, Ikey Larkins, " continued the chairman, addressing a lumbering, over-grown fellow, that stood shouldering a post in the corner: " Haven't I told you more nor twenty times that you'r beyond the news-boy age.
In the midst of the canvass, two self-created armies were seen entering the square, at different points; the one headed by a son of Lord Hood, (a captain in the navy,) consisting of sailors, and armed with bludgeons; the other led by a champion of Fox, composed principally of hardy Irish chairmen.
The person first named on a commitmittee acts as its chairman, or presiding officer, so far as relates to the preliminary steps to be taken, and is usually permitted to do so, through the whole proceedings; but this is a matter of courtesy; every committee having a right to elect its own chairman, who presides over it, and makes the report of its proceedings to the assembly.
He brought the subject before Parliament, and was appointed chairman of a committee of the House of Commons to make an inquiry into the state of the jails in the metropolis.
Bart, then, mostly in the way of answers to a series of rapid questions, put by the chairman,
In behalf of the Prudential Committee of the Literary Fraternity of Waterville College, R. GIDDINGS, Chairman EMERSON 'S SPELLING BOOKS.
It is with pain that we see the Chairman of the Committee reasserting that no proof was found of this proposition, beyond a few detached.
denom- /z/ inated the president, and the recording officer, the secretary; though, sometimes, these officers are designated, respectively, as the chairman and cleric.
Abating the chapters, which bear hard on the tariff policy, we assure the chairman of the committee, that the greater part of the work will appear to him sound and judicious; the production of a strong and richly furnished mind.
Your memorialists earnestly but with due deference to your honorable body, express their great dissatisfaction at the appointment of any bank officer as chairman, or of any man interested
The chairman rose as soon as they were gone and made a speech, which he addressed to our hero, and with such clever irony that he sent the whole company into a titter.
the desired pitch -- fearing, also, lest his station might somewhat involve himself in the meshes he was weaving around others, the sagacious chairman, upon the first show of violence, roared out his resignation, and descended from his place.
As if to leave no doubt in regard to its character, the chairman entered a statement on the minutes of the committee, in which he declares that he had sought privately from one of the witnesses under examination, and from every one else likely to furnish it, information respecting the misconduct of the Bank.
The surveys of the canal routes were referred to the canal committee, of which Mr. Wright was chairman, and he made a report on them generally, in which he said the state is now largely in debt for works of internal improvements, and an increase of the debt, at the present time, might be dangerous to its credit and hazardous to its citizens. '
chairman cried " order, " and there was a general shout of disapprobation at the line of questioning adopted by the young gentleman.
On the conclusion of his remarks, the President will say, " The following resolution has been moved and seconded, it will be read by the Secretary, " and being so read, the Chairman, finding the meeting prepared for a vote, proceeds to put the question.
Several of the principal citizens, unwilling that their guests should depart unwelcomed, got up an impromptu reception, and the clubs were invited to the Town Hall, where some very pretty speeches were made by the chairman of the Selectmen, of the School Committee, the representative to the General Court, and other distinguished individuals; to whom the commodore replied with a great deal of dignity and self-possession.
The Chairman of that committee, or in his absence, one of the members, will then rise and say: " Mr. President, the Committee on have instructed me to make the following report, " handing it to the President.
As chairman of the standing * In a letter of 9th May, 1834, which was made public at the time, Mr. Buchanan says: - " I have more than once heard Geneial Jackson himself speak in the strongest terms of the support which he had received thioughout this conflict from General Ivluhlenberg, as he always called him; and when, on one occasion, I told him that Mr Muhlenberg was no General, his repy was- ' no matter, he ought to have been General. '
right to pass laws like the one in question is asserted by southern legislatures and southern men; that the claim has been urged with pertinacity and eloquence, and in some instances with apparent force of argument, on the floors of Congress: that even so eminent a lawyer as Judge Berrien, in his place in the Senate, and as chairman of the judiciary committee, has avowed " so clear conviction of the perfect constitutionality of such laws, that he should rejoice to see the question put into any form by which it might be brought before the Supreme Court of the United States: " and that the claim has been indirectly sanctioned by Congress, by the passage through both Houses of the bill for the admission of Florida into the Union, no objection being made to a clause in her Constitution, authorizing the legislature of the future state to pass laws for the exclusion of free persons of color.
the chair be taken the power of the Chairman, on points of order, being absolute.
He may do so, however, if he prefers, and may appoint a Chairman pro tempore, or ihe meeting may appoint.
-- The Committee on the State of the Church rejlorted, by their chairman, Dr. Alexander, that they had not been able to agree, and asked to be discharged. "
When the committee have gone through the resolution or resolutions referred to them, the Chairman will say, " the resolution is gone through; the committee will /z/ rise, " whereupon the Chairman will leave the chair, and the President resume his seat.
In the convention held at Baltimore at the close of the year 1831, for the purpose of nominating a candidate for the Presidency, he attended as one of the delegates from Massachusetts; and in that body, as chairman of a committee, wrote the address which was issued in their name, recommending Mr. Clay.
of Nobleborough, the present Marshal of Maine, called them to order, and nominated Mr White of Monmouth, Chairman, who was declared elected without ceremony, and took the chair.
While these lofty and appropriate words and sentiments were addressed to him, the chairman gazed in admiration at the utterer, and from him cast glances, to either side, at the audience, of whom some of the women were a good deal amused, as if it were fun. "
After the enthusiastic applause elicited by these remarks, the old gentleman called for the nomination of a chairman, and Joshua Downing, Esquire was unanimously called to the chair, and Mr Ephraim Downing appointed Secretary.
An immense crowd had assembled; the meeting was called to order; a Chairman and seventeen Assistant Chairmen (to help the presiding officer look grave) were appointed, and five or six speakers, ranging from three feet and a half to six feet high, and from twenty years of age to seventy, with every variety of voice, from the kettle-drum to the
mode of organizing a deliberative assembly is the following: The members being assembled together, in the place, and at the time appointed for their meeting, one of them addressing himself to the others, requests them to come to order; the members thereupon seating themselves, and giving their attention to him, he suggests the propriety and necessity of their being organized, before proceeding to business, and requests the members to nominate some person to act as chairman of the meeting; a name or names being thereupon mention 3d, he declares that such a person (whose name was first heard by him) is nominated for chairman, and puts a question that the person so named be requested to take the chair.
The Chairman will receive the resolutions and say, " the committee appointed to prepare resolutions report the following they will be read, " and then direct the Secretary to read them.
He was again a member of the Legislature in 1833-4, and, as Chairman of the Committee on Internal Improvements, reported a volume of bills, under whose salutary infiuei * e that noble State has ever since been rapidly rising in wealth, comfort, and power.
Storrs of New York, McDuffie, Spencer and Wickliffe, appeared and were admitted: and VI r Buchanan their chairman having announced that they were the managers instructed by the House of Representatives to exhibit a certain article of impeachment against James H. Peck, Judge of the District Court of the United States l'orthe District of Missouri, They were requested by the Vice President to take seats assigned them within the bar; and the Serjeant at arms was directed to make proclamation, which he did in the words heretofore prescribed.
Where but one presiding officer is appointed in the first instance, his place can only be supplied, in case of his absence, by the appointment of a president or chairman pro tempore; and in the choice of this officer, 28 Parliamentary Practice.
The first speaker was a short, jolly many who seemed mu (h more likely to please a dinner party by acting as their chairman, than to throw light on an abstract question.
The Judiciary branch of the Constitution was submitted directly to his revision, as chairman * of the committee, to whom that subject was given in trust; and on all the other important questions, which were considered and debated, his voice was heard with that respect, which belonged equally to his station in the country, his familiarity with all its great interests, the soundness of his principles, and his rare powers of impressing the mind of a deliberative assembly.
300 for two years The committee meets every alternate Monday, at one o'clock; but a special meeting may at any time be called by the chairman and deputychairman, or by any five members.
comes to order after an adjournment, it is the duty of the chairman to rise, instantly, on being certified of it, and, with the other members, to attend the service of the assembly.
You know I had the honor to be appointed chairman of a Committee to investigate.	43:51	0:82	 You know I had the honor to be appointed chairman of a Committee to investigate .
The Vice-President shall preside at the meetings of the Board of Directors, except in case of acting as President, when a Chairman pro.
The chairman was constantly up shouting order; and whenever a pause occurred some member or other would spring to his legs,
He had a favorable opportunity to do this, as chairman of the School Committee of Boston, and he never relaxed his efforts, till, in
At the time when, by the order of the assembly, the report is to be received, the chairman reads it in his place, and then Proceedings of Committees, 167 delivers it, together with all the papers connected with it, to the clerk at the table; where it is again read, and then lies on the table until the time assigned, or until it suits the convenience of the assembly to take it up for consideration.
The chairman had long since seemingly given up all hope of exercising, in their true spirit, the duties of the station which he held.
When a committee wish to rise before they have gone through with their business, they can do so upon a motion to that effect being seconded and carried whereupon the Chairman will report " progress, and ask leave to sit again. "
But how many copies do you take, Mr, Chairman? "
I am not wholly unprepared to believe the story myself,  replied the chairman; " our young friend here may have his peculiarities; but I consider him a thousand times more honest and honorable, than some of those whose sly hints and treacherous conduct he has so well described. "
As if startled from a dream, the member sprang to his feet, and put the question to the chairman of the committee, who had the floor, and was urging a prompt adoption of his resolutions.
Samuel Adams was the chairman of the committee, and the town treasurer, David Jeifries, had charge of the funds.
of Virginia was chairman, and Nathan Dane of Massachusetts a member.
After which the managers rose, and Mr. Buchanan, their chairman, read the article of impeachment, as follows: /z/ Exhibited by the House of Representatives of the United States, in the name of themselves, and of all the People of the United States, against James H. Peck Judge of the District Court of the United Stales for the District of Missouri, in maintenance and support of their impeachment against him for high misdemeanors in office.
Harry, have you the address of the gentleman who was the chairman of your committee yesterday?
Resolved, That the proceedings of this convention, signed by the Chairman and Secretary, be published in the Portland Daily Courier, and the Family Reader, the official organs of the Hon.
The chairman of the committee, the late Professor Olmsted, referred to Mr. Skinner in the following graceful tribute, which is taken from an address delivered at the laying of the corner stone of the burying-ground gateway: " Although the direction of this enterprise has required of all and each of the committee much time and pains, yet it is due to truth and justice to state that to the cultivated taste, sound judgment and untiring assiduity of one of its members, (whose name needs no formal mention,) the accomplishment of the work is peculiarly and emphatically indebted.
Without an instant in which to slacken our pulses, the chairman rushed in upon the stage, and introduced the lecturer of the evening.
I. Ferguson, Jr., Chairman of the House Committee, The reader has already seen that I have repeatedly been stigmatized with the epithet of " slave-stealer; " to which charge I. did, and do still plead not guilty - - although punished for that offence; neither was it ever my intention to commit it, and God forbid it ever should be.
On the 19th of April a select committee of thirteen was appointed, on motion of Mr. Foote, of Mississippi, of which Mr. Clay was made chairman, and to which were referred all pending propositions relating to the slavery question.
The chairman being called upon for his decision, paused, and with a smile turned to one of the company who had not hitherto uttered a word, and demanded, as he had a right to do by the rules, that he should first express himself on the subject.
From 1828 to 1832, he was an efficient member of the Territorial Legislature, where he introduced a system of township and county names, formed on the basis of the aboriginal vocabulary, and also procured the incorporation of a historical society, and, besides managing the finances, as chairman of an appropriate committee, he introduced and secured the passage of several laws respecting the treatment of the native tribes.
It is remarkable how all through his arduous labors as chairman of the committee, his zealous activity was nufailing, and his admirable common sense unerring.
As chairman of a committee he was the first to take ground against the
Not to keep the reader longer in suspense, I will here inform him, whether gentle or simple, that no such banquet had ever before been given in Buzabub, and that General Potter took his seat on the right of the chairman, (who was no less a person than the commander!)
The report, which forms the immediate subject of this article, is attributed to Colonel Johnson of Kentucky, who acted as chairman of the committee, and who had previously, when acting in the same capacity in the Senate, made a report on the same subject to that body, corresponding
officer thereupon resumes the chair; and the chairman informs the assembly (he can make no other report) of the cause of the dissolution of the committee.
The chairman of the committee gave a low whistle -- there was a burst of music from the orchestra, who swarmed in a box midway among the trees like so many robin-redbreasts, and Puffer found himself upon a platform, his hat in his hand, his hand upon his waistcoat where his heart lay, bowing to a large assemblage of both sexes, who stood gathered upon the floor waving handkerchiefs and shouting, shrieking, and hallooing, a whole menagerie of welcomes.
As soon as the resolution is adopted, and so announced, the Chairman, if no other business immediately offers, should say, " There is no business before the meeting. "
In the absence of the secret history of the day, it is out of our power to indicate the particular circumstance, which led to the choice of Mr. Harrison, as the chairman of this Corn-.
During Mr. Adams's administration, he filled with great ability the place of Chairman of the Committee on Cornmerce, in which capacity he made a very instructive report on the British colonial trade question, which he also
This new committee, of which Mr John Lowell, long one of the most active and valuable members of the corporation, but now an Overseer, was chairman, made a report on the 6th of January, 1825, in which they laid before the board, with
Who is the chairman of the meeting of the board of inspectors?
A resolution affirming the expediency of passing those laws was before the committee of the whole House, of which Mr. Muhlenberg was Chairman.
These gentlemen took up the subject with earnestness, and on the 7th of January ensuing, their chairman, Mr. Buchanan, moved that they be authorized to send for persons and papers.
It is proper to say, that the Chairman of the Committee which reported this very able address, and by whom the same was written, was S. P. Chase, Esq.
I'll give you thutty-seven dollas and a half,  said the chef. "
That brave general added to his rank of chef de brigade that of adjutant general, and made him one of his family during the time he was at Rennes, the head quarters of the army destined for the invasion.
remains the best of his historical series, and we do not anticipate that this new work upon the famous Cardinal will eclipse the admirable fantasia dedicated to the lover of la belle Gabrielle, which even Michelet's enemies were obliged to admire, and to admit as a chef d'oeuvre of a portrait.
-- If, during the night, no force appear, in the direction of Chef Menteur; require that he join me with his whole command.
These praises were not lost on the Canadian; though born and educated amidst the snows and forests of the St. Lawrence, he had wandered through the galleries of the Louvre, where all those chefs d'oeuvre were assembled, which, after the fall of Napoleon, were restored to the cities that bemoaned
If I do succeed, and you ever write that book you were speaking of, I bespeak a prominent place in it for my chef d ' oeuvre of stratagem.
This man, " said the chef, indicating Fane, " says you can tell moa lies to the square inch than any man out o ' Boston. "
t And among these chef d'auvres I hesitate not to name the " Camp-Meeting Hymn, " commencing, " O Thou in whose presence, " the authorship of which is unknown to me.
On arriving at the house, he entered the comtoir, and found himself, after passing an antechamber, in a large apartment filled with clerks behind high desks and counters; he inquired for Mr. Khl, and was asked for his card, which the young man, after reading, not without marks of interest, carried into his chef.
said the shoeman, with an eye that dwelt upon the chef's official white cap and apron, " You talk English,
, mellowness of finish, for it is coloured the very counterpart of the original, which brought five hundred louis at the auction of the famous collection of the Duc de Montmorenci, and is now one of the chef d'oeuvres in the gallery of the Luxemburgh -- bauble!
Rumor of the fact could not fail to go through the house, and long before his day's work was done it reached the chef, and amused him as a piece of the Boss's luck.
The tumult of talk and laughter grew till the chef put his head out of the kitchen door, and then came sauntering across the grass to the helps ' piazza.
She did not mind that in him, and let the chef have his joke as if it were not one.
In ' 28 he was first lieutenant in France; in ' 29 he was captain; in ' 34 he was in Algeria; and, in ' 39, his cool, bold, decided but discreet conduct had made him chef de bataillon, despite the fact that he had incurred the Royal displeasure some years before by a disloyal toast at a banquet.
The gate was immediately opened, and Lieutenant Roche, accompanied by M. Leseur, chef de bataillon, bearing a flag of truce, followed the commandant to the Pavillon de l'Horloge, where stood the Duke of Nemours, pale with excitement, surrounded by generals. "
The poets of Rome sang her praises; the name of Athens was ever in the mouths of Horace and Virgil; and Cicero followed the crowd to learn the lessons of wisdom and taste, in the birth-place of genius, and among the chef d'euvres of art.
In a room, eight feet by six, which is entered by a door not four feet high, and is lighted by a window of about two feet square, the chef d'a?
Amelie Menard; that the witness immediately drew rein, and galloped back, with a view to bringing up the relay to the rescue; but not before he saw a person, whom he has since ascertained to be one Harry Mornington, major-general and chef d'escadron in the royal service, rush out and strike down the aforesaid Charles de Chateaufort by a thrust of his rapier; that, before the witness lost sight of the group, Franois de Chateaufort had leaped out of the carriage, and was fighting hand to hand with the murderer; that, having succeeded in overtaking the escort, the witness brought them up by the forest-roads, and nearly intercepted the prisoner; who got off, however, after a desperate resistance, in which he slew Jean Dumas by a pistol-shot, bearing with him the said Isabel de Chateaufort; and making good his retreat, by swimming the Marne, then in wintry flood.
The effect of this insinuating query had scarcely time to manifest itself, before Monsieur le directeur en chef, a choleric Frenchman, who made a profitable mixture of theatricals, ice cream, and other refreshments, suddenly appeared in the flat, foaming with natural anger at the results of the young gentleman's debut.
Indeed what can be so gratifying as the contemplation of so many chef d'oBuvres of genius or of mind?
Pougaud s chef d oeuvre was the incanta tion scene in " Robert le Diable; the enchantments of the wicked abbess, the unearthly wiles to lead a man to ruin, were the very ones her talent was fitted to portray.
Morrel has received a regiment, and Joliette is Chef d'Escadron of Spahis.
A Pierre Guoin, Ecuyer, LA confiance particuliere que J'ai de votre integrihi & attachement a Sa Majeshi Le Roy George, et en verta dii Pouvoir & Authorihi qui ma ehi donn * par Messire Guy Carleton, Chevalier des ordres du I3ain, Capitaine General et Gouverneur en Chef de Ia Province de Quebec & Territoires en dependans en Amerique, Vice Admiral d'icelle, &c. &c. &c.
It was calculated to wring the heart of his aged and sorrowing parent, to give a triumph to a malignant faction, and to wound his honor as a soldier, for he held the commission of a chef de brigade, and of adjutant general in the French army, and had served as such.
Il fallut songer ensuite lui donner un successeur, et le choix que l'on fit, fut plus sage, qu'on ne devoit l'attendre de gens, do nt les mains fumoient encore du sang de leur Chef.
his tour, for his return was accompanied by sundry chef d'oeuvres of the Dutch artists, as is remembered to this day, from his unbounded liberality -- for in the generosity of his heart he bestowed on the Stadt one Amsterdam Apollo without a nose, moulded at the lime kilns in Overyssel; a Venus, cut by Edric Vanderkunderspuke, without a leg; and a Cupid and Psyche without heads but of admirable form, the one being dressed in a field marshal's uniform and the other in a hoop and stomacher.
He boasted of having been a chef de brigade in the republican armies of France; but, such was his ardor in the cause, that he accepted the humble rank of chef de cuisine in the service of Toledo.
We feel as does an artist, when he sees rude hands marring a chef d'xuvre.
Yet in conformity with this estimate of the nature and rank of our author's genius, we are much inclined to regard the " Posthumous Papers of the Pickwick Club, " as his chef d'wuvre.
My dear Monsieur W., turning to his companion (an English gentleman from whom and from his family I subsequently experienced unbounded kindness and hospitality on various occasions, and at different periods at Seville), allow me to introduce to you my most cherished and respectable friend, one who is better acquainted with Gypsy ways than the Chef des Bohemiens a Triana, one who is an expert whisperer and horse-sorcerer, and who, to his honour I say it, can wield hammer and tongs, and handle a horse-shoe with the best of the smiths amongst the Alpujarras of Granada.
Col. Arthur P. Hayne Governor Claiborne and General Carroll, guarding against attack, by way of Chef Menteur, lie posted, by your order, on the Gentilly road.
Je vous nomme et etablis Lieutenant des Sauvages pour le District du Detroit pour en faire les fonctions en la ditte qualihi, vous obeinls et suivhis les ordres & instructions que vous recevnls de son Excellence le Commandant en Chef du Surintendant des Sauvages, de son Depuhi on de tous autres officiers Superieurs en menant & conduisant les partie des fidelles nations sauvages, alies * i sa Majestk qui seront sons vos ordres.
The chef looked up as if surprised to find her still there. "
- The " Decrotteur en chef, " at the Palais Royal, and other places of fashion, has his assistants, and serves a dozen or two of customers at a time.
A chef de bataillon of the 34th was slain by a shot from a window, and some offices of the Octroi have been burned.
He had an ancestor who was -- chef de cuisine " of the Vatican, and invented a soupe maigre for his Holiness; and another, who was cook to the Autocratrixof all the Russias.
Compare the conduct of the mob who rushed through the magnificent gallery of the Louvre in July, and wrote on the walls, " respect awe chefs d'oeuvres d ' art, " with that of the howling mass of human brutes who brought the unfortunate Louis a prisoner into Paris, and you
You ought to have been a chef, Uncle William.
is served in profusion; the daily bill of fare would do credit to a banquet at the Mansion House; the chef de cuisine is generally French, and an epicure would find ample scope for the gratification of his palate.	104:108	0:215	 is served in profusion ; the daily bill of fare would do credit to a banquet at the Mansion House ; the chef de cuisine is generally French , and an epicure would find ample scope for the gratification of his palate .
Louis Philippe was deposed and set aside as easily and quietly as any chef de bureau.
He came and stood beside the chef, who listened to the shoeman's flow of banter with a longing to take his chances with him. "
Clementina stood expectant, but the chef smoked on as if that were all there was to say, and seemed to have forgotten her. "
One of the happy effects of our law of entail, is that it fosters genius by preserving in families the chef d'oeuvres of the arts.
At the same time, that you may not remain ignorant of him who now addresses you, I shall -- although it be not absolutely called for -- display to you my commission, from the same hand, as major-general and chef d'escadron, during the pleasure of our glorious monarch Louis le Grand. "
The young man who, by his decorations, seems a chef de bataillon of the Spahis,  replied Debray, " I can not make out.
But if I was in youa place, and I really wanted to know whe'e them slippas come from -- " " I do -- I do indeed -- " The chef paused before he added, "
What the chef said was of a piece with what had been more than once in Clementina's mind; but she had driven it out, not because it might not be true, but because she would not have it true.
Extensive fortifications of brick have been erected at Petits Coquilles, Chef Menteur, and Bayou Bienvenu, the two former guarding the passes of the Rigolet, between lake Borgne and lake Pontchartrain, and the latter the approach from lake Borgne toward New-Orleans.
Harry Mornington, chef d'escardron, et commandant des chevaux lgers. "
You know how the chef always calls her the Boss?
Well,  said the chef, " I'll raise you a dolla and a quahta.
The girls cried out for joy, and the chef bore their mirth stoically, but not without a personal relish of the shoeman's up-and-comingness. "
Even you, my friend, educated, as you have been, amid the paintings and statues of Europe, you who have wandcred through the Louvre and Vatican, and seen the chefs d'oeuvre of Florence, -- even you, my friend, expressed wonder, when you looked upon him first at P -- d.
petit-maitre a la Parisienne " = a ridiculously pretentious dandy, Parisian-style; " poulets a la Marengo " = chicken Marengo, a recipe supposedly invented by Napoleon's chef after the Battle of Marengo in 1800; " ortolans a la Provencale " = ortolans (a variety of bunting) in the style of southern France (Provence) (French) This was the last letter Elinor received in Philadelphia, for early in the spring the family returned to the country.
Some dozen rooms were completely crowded with paintings, each one by a master, and many chefs d'oeuvres of the immortal authors.
He was a young man who much preferred a state of self-satisfaction to humiliation of any sort, and after he had endured Clementina's gaze as long as he could, he said, " Perhaps you don't allow anybody but the chef to call you that? "
Mr. Mahtin, the chef, is gone, and newly all the help is different. "
said the chef, and as if he had now at last scored a point, he threw back his head and laughed.
Here, too, are some chefs d'oeuvre of the unknown great; and here, unfinished designs by men, celebrated in their day, whose very names the perspicacity of the academies has left to silence and to me.
The chef smiled with a peculiar droop of one eye
He boasted of having been a chef de brigade in the republican armies of France; but, such was his ardor in the cause, that he accepted the humble rank of chef de cuisine in the service of Toledo.
A curious evidence of this was given in a remarkable ceremony in which I frequently saw Mehevi and several other chefs and warriors of note take part; but never a single female.
The cardinal being satisfied that the painter was as white as himself, (that being his next inquiry,) received him graciously, examined his face and head, with his fingers, expressed his admiration, and made up a party to witness the impression which the sight of the chef d'muvres of antiquity, would make upon a native of the new world.
When compelled to rise they would sometimes circle round and round and over the pond at a considerable height, from which they could easily see to other ponds and the river, like black motes in the sky; and, when I thought they had gone off thither long since, they would settle down by a slanting flight of a quarter of a mile on to a distant part which was left free; but what beside safety they got by sailing in the middle of Walden I do not know, unless they love its water for the same reason that I do
came a broad and circling glare, blinding the pale daylight; a sharp stunning roar, succeeded by an awful rushing sound -- and the rocks reeled like drunken men!
Warriors portrayed, in tales of other climes, Numidia, Arcady or Syrian realms, The splendor of the spoil, the gems and gold, The perfumes, luxuries and regal robes, Fair slaves and diamonds, wafted from the shores Of the Orient, in homage to the diadem That circled nations.
As the rivers, farthest flowing, In the highest hills have birth; As the banyan, broadest growing, Oftenest bows its head to earth, -- So the noblest minds press onward, Channels far of good to trace; So the largest hearts bend downward, Circling all the human race; Thus, by Iron's aid, pursuing Through the earth their plans of love, Men our Father's will are doing, Here, as angels do above!
I love to see him track the street, With his wary eye and active feet; And I often watch him as he springs, Circling the steeples with easy wings, Till across the dial his shade has pass'd, And the belfry edge is gained at last. '
Giant oaks, not more than twenty in number, circled on a space some three hundred yards square.
a part of his men circled the dwelling and galloped up a lane which would lead them directly across the lawn toward the front door of the house, while the rest, wheeling off among the meadows, presented themselves at the same time in the rear.
So she stood in this Palace of Pleasure, Circled round by the Swans of Delight.
Let 6/, be the central hne; divide it into four parts, and at one fourth make the hne a b across the column; on c, make the half circle a e b; with the distance / 1, at the neck of the column, and on 1, on the central hne, make the points 1, 1, on the circle; divide from 1 to c,
distance, broke the silence -- again and again it pealed -- louder and louder yet, till the affrighted martins, fluttering down from their nests on the minster-towers, circled, with startled wing and short shrill cry, above our heads in the lurid torch-light.
By his Wild rule Of whirling vortices and circling spheres, ' he constructed the earth, the planets, the sun, and the heavens; and after such prodigies of execution, where is the // wonder, that he should affirm it to be within the compass of his power, having a quantity of matter and motion to produce an animal? '
The noise of running water, the large grassy meadows, from which the spot takes its name, and the green hills which circle it round-all tend to captivate the eye and please the senses of the way-worn " voyageur. "
So the Doge's tradition; thus Bello's: -- Ages ago, Dominora was circled by a reef, which expanding in proportion to the extension of the isle's naval dominion, in due time embraced the entire lagoon; and this marriage ring zoned all the world.
This Angel, who was once in Heaven above, Whose living heartstrings are a lute; This Star which circled in the Courts of Love, For whose long absence now the rest are mute -- Is here on earth!
They were not aware that the spirit of a nightingale was circling round them and would pass into the soul of their infant son, whom they named Felix Mendelssohn.
and many were the smiles that circled the table, but Winthrop, apprehensive of a storm, interposed. "
Thus they circle until they fall upon the recent trail of a fox, for a wise hound will forsake everything else for this.
With thine own voyager thou hast heard the sound Of that vast ocean, waveless, rayless, dread, Where time's perpetual tribute, circling round, Drops silent in, all passionless and dead.
The diners were meanwhile fairly embarked -- the stream of mirth was full: as it flowed up and down the board it sometimes attained a rapid head, carrying all before it, in a general glee; or paused in little eddies and islets of drinkers, where it tarried and circled round and round within itself.
How Each of her comings, like the orient sun, Outruns the expectation; and her going Leaves after it a radiance which bedims All other splendours, till she re-appears With fresher wonders circled.
Circling over thy bosom of blue The light, graceful gull was afloat, And gravelly Bluff Point loomed to view From the deck of our beautiful boat.
Edouard Jess has been a favourite with us these two years, and is still admired for the beautiful flowers, of a bright red circled by a pale tint, delightfully fragrant.
Methought I journeyed o'er a boundless plain Unbroke by vale or hill, on all sides stretched, Like circling ocean, to the low-browed sky; Save in the midst a verdant mount whose sides Flowers of all hues and fragrant breath adorned.
He laughed so gleefully upon the shifting weather-cocks, and on the tall, white, crimson-flooded spires, which pointed up to heaven -- and on the wings of snowy pigeons, cutting the blue air, and circling joyously -- and on the little maiden, tripping on along the street, toward school, and laughing merrily
Laramie Creek, circling before our camp, half inclosed us; it swept along the bottom of a line of tall white cliffs that looked down on us from the farther bank.
The violent shock Shatters to vapor the descending sheets: A cloudy whirlwind fills the gulf, and heaves The mighty pyramid of circling mist To heaven.
One day my attention was arrested by a very unusual twittering, and I saw him circling round with a large downy feather in his bill.
ye lieges all advance, And circling join in merry Morrice dance. "
's reason to raise and refine, While lifting, untroubled, his gaze to the sky, He welcomed the Presence Divine; -- Then, coursing an orbit that circled the whole, Came Saturn, like Patience, untired, And through its broad range giving light to the soul Of Man, a calm wisdom inspired; -- And all these fair Planets in harmony move Round the Sun, as their centre of light, life and love.
warm cloak and balanced by his poised stick, disporting and marking out curves and fantastic figures on the polished and frozen visage of the lagoon -- now darting along swift as a winged shaft shotten from a bow -- now circling and cleaving with rapid heel, quick as the following of sight itself, the congealed bosom of the streamlet, anon shooting hither, then thitherward as a thing borne by the wanton sweep of the invigorating breeze, at a moment's will, taking one course, pursued by his eager fellows, and again, like the swoop of the lammer geyer, round an alpine peak to avoid their playful grasp, eluding the extended hand of his sanguine companion, he wheels abrupt unto an adverse way, leaving his baulked pursuer, unwitting of his drift, to take a wider circuit, -- all skimming away in their revelry, like a flight of swallows, cutting the clouds in the merriment of their summer lives.
outlines of men, armed with spears, circling around the whole cell.
-- Did I not tell you, then, That you were Salem's fairest daughter, That in the field and in the house, by stream And wood and sea-side lonely, I thought of you -- Circling your gentle heart with this same arm, Did I not say, as now I say, and ever, Ever shall, I love you!
It was not many minutes before the first returned, bearing the tidings that they were close at hand, halted, as it seemed, for the evening, in a small green savannah, half circled by a swampy streamlet.
See how they bear him up upon their wings, And circle him with glory!
In some chink of the wall the cricket chirped to itself the same quick short sound, over and over, and about the candle circled and fluttered the gray-winged moths,
Thy hand invested in their azure robes, Thy breath made buoyant, yonder circling globes, That bound and blaze along the elastic wires, That viewless vibrate on celestial lyres, And in that high and radiant concave tremble, Beneath whose dome adoring hosts assemble, To catch the notes, from those bright spheres that flow, Which mortals dream of, but which angels know.
The warriors circled three times round the village; and as each distinguished champion passed, the old women would scream out his name in honor of his bravery, and to incite the emulation
Those pleasantly swelling slopes of our farm, descending towards the wide meadows, through which sluggishly circled the brimful tide of the Charles, bathing the long sedges on its hither and farther shores; the broad, sunny gleam over the winding water; that peculiar picturesqueness of the scene where capes and headlands put themselves boldly forth upon the perfect level of the
Sometimes one would circle round and round me in the woods a few feet distant as if tethered by a string, when probably I was near its eggs.
graceful rainbow, now arching over our heads, and now circling in the vapour at our feet, still flew before us as we moved.
The infant Hudson winds through it, circling in its deepest bend one little fairy isle, with woods enough for a single bower, and a beauty that fills and characterizes,
Tall spire, and glittering roof, and battlement, And banners floating in the sunny air, And white sails o'er the calm blue waters bent, Green isle, and circling shore, are blended there, In wild reality.
And even through the blue sky, he could look up, and see these spirits -- or to speak in language which may be more intelligible -- these Men and Women of a purer and diviner creation, circling in myriad throngs of light and darkness.
On came Herreiro still -- and for an instant's space it seemed as though the shock of his charger at full speed must have borne down the slighter Andalusian; but scarcely had he parried that home thrust before, with a quick motion of the bridle hand -- so quick, indeed, that it was scarce perceptible -- and a slight corresponding pressure of the spur on the flank opposite, Hernando wheeled his charger to the left; feinted a thrust at his foe's face; and, circling quite around him, delivered a full sweeping cut against the back part of his neck.
May it plea * e your lordships: I shall humbly crave at your lordships ' hands a benign interpretation of that which I shall now ivrte; for words that come from wasted spirits and an oppressed mind are more safe in being deposited in a noble construction, than in heir * circled with and reserved
whose doors we now For social worship first unfold, To thee the suppliant throng shall bow, While circling years on years are rolled.
There were also two or three bacchanalian songs, concerning " circling cups " and " rosy wine, " (he always drank cinnamon cordial diluted with water,) &c.; &c.; At the time of receiving this, I was busy with " an essay attempting to form a judgment of the characters of authors from their works. "
to notice how the world has been circled, by the governments of the world, to watch the transit of Venus, though the knowledge thus acquired could not affect the legislation of any congress, in any country.
lie soon Saw within ken a glorious Angel stand, The same whom John saw also in the sun: His back was turned, but not his brightness hid; Of beaming sunny rays a golden tiar Circled his head, nor less his locks behind Illustrious on his shoulders fledge with wings Lay waving round; on some great charge employed He seemed, or fixed in cogitation deep. "
// From that war the feeble and once-despised navy of the United States came out " its forehead circled and adorned by the laurels it had torn from the brow of the naval genius of England
Circling mountains, purple beaming, Lured his soul to constant dreaming, -- Ever dreaming, ever scheming, -- On and upward was his gaze.
Turrets tremble with pealing bells -- Joy loudly winds his bugle horn, And the heart of a nation proudly swells When an heir to royalty is born; But, greeted by a strain more wild, Leaps from its fount the mountain-child: Old piny groves a mellow roar From their mysterious depths outpour Commingled with the panther's scream -- Murmur of torrents, and the cry Of the gray eagle circling high -- Meet welcome for a stream That dashes down, in youthful force, From the green hills to run its course.
They shall not say that when the fire Circled the hunted herd, his sire Wept like the roebuck when he flies, End note: 1Kb And died as warrior never dies.
A broad-brimmed, low-crowned and long-napped white hat, set forth assuredly to the best advantage his rotund, rubicund, good-humored phiz; a clean white handkerchief circled his sturdy neck, on the volumnious folds of which reposed in placid dignity the mighty collops of his double chin.
It was in a lone chamber, where the dark walls arching above and circling around, unrelieved by tapestry or wainscotting, were rendered yet more dark and gloomy by the fitful flashes of a
There is an isle, circled by southern seas, Far in a soft clime of perpetual spring, Where the voluptuous odor-laden
A woman in distress affects most minds more strongly than a suffering angel; and this scene of purely human character served as a pretty touchstone, to try the sympathies of the many who circled the gallery.
/z/ Heaven's wintry canopy covers our sphere, And the four sister seasons have circled the year; Returns cold December, with snows
the flames are circling round the point of the rock below, and, unless we can pass there, our only chance must be over the precipice.
And the waves that circled round The eternal mount on high, Bore an everlasting sound To the soul that can not die.
As we glided nearer, the stranger showed French colours from his peak; and by the eddying cloud of vulture sea-fowl that circled, and hovered, and swooped around him, it was plain that the whale alongside must be what the fishermen call a blasted whale, that is, a whale that has died unmolested on the sea, and so floated an unappropriated corpse.
Thus fix'd, a dreadful hour I past, And now I heard, as from a blast, A voice pronounce my name: Nor long upon my ear it dwelt, When round me ' gan the air to melt, And motion once again I felt Quick circling o'er my frame.
If any one besides his master went into the field and tried to catch Ned, he was sure to have a troublesome time of it; and if he succeeded in his object before circling the field a dozen times in pursuit of the horse, he might think himself lucky.
-- Let me, while the sun lingers, still pour out my soul on this paper -- Let me indulge a pleasing, dreadful thought -- Shall I, ere circling time bring back this hour, become thy -- And shall my heart, after its dreadful languors, its excruciating agonies, know once more, a rapturous emotion?
Nay, even grant the senate should stand firm, Where are the people -- the Sertorian band Who cling around him with unwavering love, Like the fond ivy twining round the oak Or life's warm eddies circling through the heart -- In conquest and defeat!
Halleck has beautifully described similar scenery -- " Tall spire, and glittering roof, and battlement, And banners floating in the sunny air, And white sails o'er the calm blue waters bent; Green isles, and circling shores, are blended there In wild reality! "
The Egyptians, like the Americans, were a mixed race, with some Negro blood circling around the throne, as well as in the mud hovels.
Then we have circled not the round reef wholly,  said Babbalanja, " but made of it a segment.
Thy pleasant spot of birth Is sad without thee, and an ancient head Circled with years and blessings as a crown Bows low with the first pang thou e'er didst cause A father's bosom.
not traversed half the space between her and their nearest barque, before, with an explosion that might be heard leagues away into the pathless forest, startling the wild beast and the wilder Indian in his lair, and with a wide and circling glare that for an instant made the broad daylight pallid, the caravel blew up!
The wine circled gaily, and the song and jest passed merrily round.
You may see them stand in the street, circling round Wayaniko, the lights above their head, the dark town all around. "
The alders are separated more widely from each other, and grow more in scattered clumps, which sometimes form green islets, circled with a fringe of scarlet, wherever their red roots are washed and polished by the flowing waters.
he said again, circling back to his favorite maxim.
two, they circled round the area at full gallop, each warrior singing his war song as he rode.
Then it rose, rocking to the surface; and, for a moment, was tossed and whirled like a bubble circling in the eddies of a pool.
pour upon me thy soft beams, And circle me with heavenly streams.
Brief not thy course at that either, for thou hast often seen the son of clouded prospect, leap to the highest seat that power yields, carry thine eye unsealed and wary to scan mankind, for it will be a convoy for thy relief: let not the glib and stealthy tongued prater, with his o'erfull breast of friendship circling nothing, spear thy heart to that condition,
A wide and circling flame glared on their eyes for a moment, even above the fire of the woods, and a loud report followed.
Acquirement thus made will feed itself: circle will be added to circle by the strengthening impulse of gratified curiosity: the conformity to nature will make the acquisition more substantial and the
bent, Green isle and circling shore, all blended there, In wild reality. "
It was in the left hand try-pot of the Pequod, with the soapstone diligently circling round me, that I was first indirectly struck by the remarkable fact, that in geometry all bodies gliding along the cycloid, my soapstone for example, will descend from any point in precisely the same time.
At the catastrophe, Mrs. Gambril ceased her flight, but after the manner of the Cossacks of the Don, or the Mahratta cavalry, kept circling round the enemy -- out of striking distance, yet within hail. "
These grasping, the young god stood in the breach Of circling trees, with eye that fiercely glanced, Nostril expanded, lip pressed, foot advanced, And arrow at the string; when lo!
: ' T was strength, Strong heart, strong thought; thought, feeling ran their length In a wild grandeur, or they passive lay, Like waters circled in a wooded bay, That take from some slow cloud the quivering lights Thrown from its snowy rifts and glittering heights.
When the smoothed ocean sleeps unstirred, And, like a silver band, The molten waters circling gird The island's rim of sand, She runs her tiny feet to lave, And breaks the liquid chain; Then laughs to feel the shivered wave Coil down to rest again.
The language, " as he says of Richter, " groans with indescribable metaphors and allusions to all things, human and divine, flowing onward, not like a river, but like an inundation; circling in complex eddies, chafing and gurgling, now this way, now that; " but in Carlyle, " the proper current " never " sinks out of sight amid the boundless uproar. "
And then his soul was troubled like the lake Beside the tasselled reed-isle, where the fawn, All beautiful, beneath the blades, awake, Doth watch the eddyings of the milky swan Upon the placid waters, circling on; As from her breast forever doth arise The music of her billows, which, upon The shore breaks into language, like the sighs Of his soft breast, whose heavings burst forth in his eyes.
Till near the grave, like a rushing wave, The spectral huntsmen halt, And circling round, each shadowy hound Bays loudly, as at fault.
Euphas Circled with Christian swords, Stands waiting thy behest!
The officer bowed and retired, and soon after, the men were seen taking down their boarding-pikes from the masts and booms, with which they were circled, and their basket-handled swords, which were stuck round the capstan and long-boat, and their short, broad daggers, resembling the bowie-knife; and these they proceeded to grind and polish, preparations dismal enough for their end, but engaged in with the more alacrity by the men, for the grog they had just drunk
Or sometimes I watched a pair of hen-hawks circling high in the sky, alternately soaring and descending, approaching, and leaving one another, as if they were the embodiment of my own thoughts.
When brothers are at variance, could they think On one tear a mother shed on them, That woke their slumbers, while their infant arms Circled each other's neck, ' t would surely quench All sparks of strife within their breasts for ever.
In some chink of the wall the cricket chirped, the same quick short sound, over and over to itself, and about the candle circled and
The strong trade wind, met in its course by these elevations, circled and eddied about their summits, and was sometimes driven down the steep ravine and swept across the
His head was covered with matted iron-grey elf locks, which circled and twisted in every direction, like a nest of rattlesnakes; the nails of his hands and feet were long and crooked, like vulture's talons; he had a basket on his arm, and held a long pole in his right hand.
And if it harder be, than e'er before, to find new climes, when now our seas have oft been circled by ten thousand prows, -- much more the glory!
Let us take, for instance, man himself as our object of contemplation; then at once we shall find we can view him in a variety of relations; and according to those relations are the sciences of which he is the subject-matter, and according to our acquaintance with them is our possession of a true knowledge of him.
As the scenes and objects connected with that image, the contemplation of which had formed as it were the key-stone of his character, and had cast a shade overall
There is still another way in which wealth operates, to no inconsiderable extent, to procure or to corroborate political power; and that is, by exciting in the minds of the multitude, by a judicious display, agreeable feelings, compounded of admiration and of those pleasures arising from the perception of the beautiful and the harmonious, intermingled with that moral pleasure which arises from the contemplation of the polite and decorous, the lesser morality; which compound pleasure the subject class derive from contemplating, at a distance and at intervals, the splendid and polished life of their superiors.
He had dwelt in this solitude for three or four years, and had found in the contemplation of nature, in the liberty of conscience, in solitary study and self-communing, a solace for the ills he had suffered, and a
The Presidency is the culmination of Mr. Jefferson's political career, and we gladly turn to a contemplation of his character in other aspects.
This assertion and the wrongs of the crown at length brought revolution, and as soon as its first steps were taken, and even before a final separation was in contemplation, a close union and co-operation of all the co- /z/ lonies were perceived to be essential to the successful vindication of their rights
Motionless and absorbed -- fascinated, as it were -- in contemplation of Walter's portrait, Elinor's face had assumed precisely the expression of which he had just been complaining.
When you are satiated with sleep, or tired of reading, you may amuse yourself for hours in the day, by climbing up and stationing youself in the rigging, to contemplate, with an idle curiosity, the various objects in the prospect, and most of all, the sublime, terrific, and treacherous sea itself, the inexhaustible subject of musing and contemplation, which never tires except in a dead calm.
A meditative habit would, in the contemplation of truth and being, law and idea, inevitably lead to God.
Great as Vasco Nunez was in the contemplation of the warlike and adventurous world, he yet lacked that important essence of genuine and enduring greatness, the rigid resolve, in spite of passion, of prejudice, human fear or human hope, in all cases to be just.
There was strength for Kittie in the contemplation of the serene face that was before her -- so free from every shadow that had darkened it when animate.
liledici was inspired by the contemplation of the masterpieces of a former age.
grim row of republishers rising before him -- line upon line of readers, beginning at the Atlantic and stretching to the very verge of Oregon, with lines crossing them from Penobsect to the Mexican Gulf, all busy in the self-same task, turning page after page of what he has written -- roaring with laughter, melting in tears -- until the contemplation of it (with the thought that no honest penny was gained to him by all this pleasant show that was going forward) has become actually painful to his mind?
The mountains and the ocean, the forest and the river, the blooming clover and the waving grain, the wondrous forms of animals and of man and woman, touch us with the same emotions as the perception of intellectual truth and the contemplation of virtuous deeds.
light only from comparison, and no sooner did the weight of the former begin to pass from his memory, than the pressure of the latter became more perceptible, till at last, in spite of every effort to resist them, they became the subjects of his daily and hourly contemplation.
I had just raised her warm hand to my lips, hoping, after I had kissed it, to engage her in conversation, when the door of a room on the opposite side of the passage opened, and a queer little man, with a hump on his back, and otherwise deformed, issued therefrom, and with a nervous step hurried down stairs, muttering to himself like one lost in his own contemplations.
So slight, however, was the track of these gloomy ideas, that I soon forgot them in the contemplation of a brood of wild ducks, which were floating on the river, and anon took flight, leaving each a bright streak over the black surface.
I have given many delineations of my experience; but my pictures, such as they were, framed themselves in my contemplations, and hung of their own accord under the light of ideas which showed them better to me, as I believe they may to others.
When I take my pen to write this, I am, by the goodness and mercy of God, in a moderate and easy state of health -- a blessing I have thankfully felt through the course of a long life, which, (with a much greater help,) the contemplation of a more durable state, has maintained and upheld me through varieties of providences and conditions of life.
When the occasion called for its application, it was found that so far from affording the slightest protection for the interests of the community, this provision had been carefully drawn up in evident contemplation of the suspension which took place more than a year afterwards, and instead of insuring the payment of the currency of the bank, under the expected penalty, effectually secured the bank against the legal consequences of its violation of the most sacred of obligations.
The scene was too painful for contemplation, and they simultaneously turned away from it.
in contemplation, including two across the narrow interval between North and South America, and three across the main-land of the Northern Continent, were to be undertaken at the public cost, the injury done to the public and private business of the country, added to the California drain, and heavy purchases of foreign goods made necessary by the present low tariff, would bring great distress and embarrassment upon the poorer classes for the coming two or three years.
With this he appeared satisfied, and I resumed my contemplations.
, the events of which have just been related, sat Hugh Gore, wrapt in no unpleasing contemplations.
have been derived in part from the effect of a frequent contemplation of the treasures of art contained in the Gallery of the Louvre.
While standing in a world so rich in sources of enjoyment, so stored with objects of real enquiry and attainable knowledge, yet shutting thine eyes, and, worse, thy heart, to the tangible things and sentient creatures around thee, and winging thy diseased imagination beyond the light of the sun which gladdens thy world, and contemplation of the objects which are here to expand thy mind and quicken the pulses of thy heart! "
It is an important volume, and is an indispensable auxiliary to a proper contemplation of the most important of all subjects.
extend, they turned, and paused a moment, in contemplation of the busy and lively party they had left, and of the obscurity which, like the gloom of oblivion, seemed to envelop the rest of the creation.
The established order of society is in constant jeopardy, from the wild and ungovernable passions of the people, driven to despe.r * tion by the contemplation of their own necessities, contrasted
The punishment thus decreed was attended with sufferin s, which can not be supposed to have entered into the contemplation of those, who pronounced the sentence.
These arrangements, and their attendant cares, necessarily engrossed much of her time and thoughts; and diverted her mind from the contemplation of her husband's dreary situation.
(25) Such, Gentlemen, is the final exhibition of the Religion of Reason: in the insensibility of conscience, in the ignorance of the very idea of sin, in the contemplation of his own moral consistency, in the simple absence of fear, in the cloudless self-confidence, in the serene self-possession, in the cold self-satisfaction, we recognize the mere Philosopher.
He resolved to go forward to the upper Congaree, upon the pleasant banks of which stood the princely domains of the Middleton family; persuaded, as he was, that the rival with whom he contended for so great a treasure, equally wily and dishonourable, had in contemplation some new villany, which, if not seasonably met, would result in equal loss to himself and misery to the maiden of his heart.
in our country, while its subjects are far more suitable for the contemplation of Christians, than the light reading with which most of them are filled.
Close behind these two, came a young man of very striking countenance and demeanor, with deep thought and contemplation on his brow, and perhaps a flash of enthusiasm in his eye.
This is one of the instances, in which, it must be admitted, salt water is not a pleasant subject of contemplation.
Mr. Townley all at once showed himself to be a man of resolute character; for the probable danger of the party roused him from the contemplation of his own sorrows to sympathy with the feelings of those around him.
More than once some individual has appeared to me with such negligence of labor and such commanding contemplation, a haughty beneficiary begging in the name of God, as made good to the nineteenth century Simeon the Stylite, the Thebais, and the first Capuchins.
The sun rose brightly from the sea upon May-day morning, and Maudsley, who had found but slight and unsatisfactory repose within his hut, stood upon the summit of the mount, and refreshed his weary soul with a contemplation of the majestic scenery around him.
Again: as coarse, plain food and hardy exercise add health and vigor to the physical -- so does the contemplation of nature in her wildness and grandeur give to the mental a powerful and lofty tone.
The hints which we have already thrown out in respect to the general character of the evidence by which the claims of Christianity are supported, fairly suggest the inference, that the diligent contemplation and study of this subject is adapted to quicken and elevate the powers of the mind and the feelings of the heart.
And another epoch passed away, and I came again to the scene of my former contemplations; and all the mighty forms which I had left had disappeared, the face of the country no longer presented the same aspect; it was broken into islands, and the bottom of the sea had become dry land, and what before was dry land had sunk beneath the waves.
congregating, though guided by contradictory impulses, in the formation of a common caste, and the pursuit of a like object -- some with the view to profit and gain; others, simply from no alternative being left them; and that of gold-seeking, with a better sense than their neighbors, being in their own contemplation, truly, a dernier resort.
Perhaps the gradation of his copy rendered it not so readily perceptible; or, more possibly, I owed my security to the master air of the copyist, who, disdaining the letter, (which in a painting is all the obtuse can see,) gave but the full spirit of his original for my individual contemplation and chagrin.
contemplation We should behold a body of men, the peculiar guardians of the rights of the states, and the sanctity of the Constitution, denying the existence of one, and the authority of the other; acting systematically and conscientiously in open defiance of both, and living in the daily violation of an obligation which all honest men hold sacred, under pretence of being governed by a higher law of their own creation, a law which every man makes for himself, and can modify at pleasure to suit his purposes.
The forehead was lofty, and deeply furrowed with the ridges of contemplation.
But this was the deceitful aspect of the mountain, on whose breast contemplation sits with silence, unconscious of the tossing flame which, within, is secretly fusing the stubborn metal and the rock.
Fancy, on airy pinions, flits away over mountain-top and valley, and rests upon that long arm of the tall linden, that stretches close to your lowly window, and gazes through the narrow panes on your dear form, bending over some treasured volume, or sitting, with bowed head, before a blazing fire, lost in reveries of thought and contemplation.
, carried us back to the sun-blest climes, where the blue Pacific lashes the coral-guarded isles of sweet Otaheite, and I must plead guilty to a recreant sigh for past recollections and dear friends, all summoned up by the contemplation of a fragment of fossil-coral.
This was a fine old lioness, with perfect teeth, and was certainly a noble prize; but I felt dissatisfied at not having rather shot a lion, which I had most certainly done if my Hottentot had not destroyed my contemplation. "
That men are cowards in the contemplation of futurity he illustrates by the extraordinary antics of many on board the sinking vessel; that they are fools, by their praying to the sea, and making promises to bits of wood from the true cross, and all manner of similar nonsense; that they are fools, cowards, and liars all at once, by this story: I will put it into rough English for you.
Pestalozzi, who first practised upon this idea, drew the child's attention to the human frame, as the subject of contemplation; others have preferred to bring him in contact with nature, in general, by making simple natural phenomena the basis of the inductive lessons; others, not surrounded by nature, make man and his dwelling their theme; others introduce simple lessons on objects of nature and art, which can readily be presented to the child for his examination, /q/ and on whicJi as a basis to rear the superstructure of natural history, physics, and technology, in his advanced course.
A selfish man is an object of painful contemplation.
I was in the spirit on the Lord's day, and felt my mind fixed in deep contemplation upon
Such is the steadying effect of contemplation; such is it, to be prepared -- and such the strengthening of God's breath, when it blows down from the mountain upon us, before sun rise.
contemplation of a high intellect, enthusiastically brightened; and yet, he could not but remember -- he never had forgotten -- he never could forget -- that when he first saw her, her of whom it was now guilt for him to think at all -- it was in summer -- on a holy and quiet evening: the long windows were open -- the whole apartment was filled with an intoxicating vapour -- the aromatick breathing of ten thousand beautiful and moist wild flowers, that had been transplanted, and nourished and tended by her hands, and taught to steal upward and about, all over the walls, and ceiling, and drapery of her favourite summer house.
- " If a new system of government, or any material alteration in the old, is to be in the contemplation of the next general Assembly, is it not fitting that the whole community should be equally concerned in adjusting this system?
Sometimes we have even queried, whether his studied cool contempt for religion in every form-the scorn which he so obtrusively expresses for the low practice of total abstinence from intoxicating drinks -- and the sympathy which he seems to have with those who have no interest in the miseries and vices of the poor, except as matters of governmental regulation, or picturesque objects of contemplation, do not also enter into his idea of a high.
Before I was so foolish as to occupy my time and thoughts in the contemplation of our mutual attachment, the garden in front of our house was my chief care; but since it is
For these reasons, I was silent on that subject, and shutting myself in my chamber, delivered myself up to contemplation.
Having no other object of contemplation or subject of discourse, she always found, in their postures and looks, occasion for praise, or blame, or command.
It was happy for this nation that at the time of adopting the Constitution, an individual was selected to preside, whose judgment never failed, and whose firmness never forsook him: whose conduct proved that the excellencies of the Constitution consisted not merely in theory and contemplation, but could be realized in practice; that
It is the production of a mind, that could dwell pith minuteness on the smallest details without narrowing its range, and raise itself to the contemplation of the newest and boldest truths, without risk of yielding to the allurements of baseless hypothesis.
Rall Adelaide, I feel its charms, And feeling, all my faculties are lost In contemplation of the Power who formed them.
In his eye there was none of that feverish curiosity, which seeks for the presence of his executioner, and can not be averted from the contemplation of the mournful paraphernalia of death.
It presents a fruitful theme of anxious contemplation and prophetic conjecture to the statesman and philanthropist, as the destined theatre of future events and exhibitions of human character, of the most solemn import to the // welfare of mankind; as the scene of the future trial of those broad principles of freedom in governments, and of toleration in religion, assumed as the basis of our national constitution, never before put to the test of actual experiment in any country.
The witness to the violent assault in the road, admits that this boy was conveyed out of the city, in the night, and forcibly placed within the farm-house -- or rather the disgusting charnel house -- the mere contemplation of which was sufficient to have deprived him of his senses, if not of his life.
Some influence, no doubt, the contemplation would have, but no charms.	32:45	0:72	 Some influence , no doubt , the contemplation would have , but no charms .
Seating himself near the window, he gazed listlessly on the moving panorama before him, until his thoughts became entirely absorbed in the contemplation of the varying events connected with his own sad destiny.
There was a plan in contemplation at this time, to make an attack upon Canada, but it was not prosecuted.
Her thoughts became intoxicated with delight, while her soul seemed to be suddenly endowed with new being; and she experienced the most ecstatic enjoyment in the contemplation of one, the knowledge of whom had unfolded to her a new element
Irseemed to us not impossible, that Mr Moore had been induced to choose this subject by the consciousness, that he could touch it without profanation, or by the hope, that the contemplation of such things would purify and elevate his mind.
Devoted to the contemplation of the means of future celebrity, the man of genius frequently finds himself little disposed to set a proper value on the common interests of of life.
A saint stands atth e other side looking down with the humility of a heavenly countenance, yet evidently taking in, with admiring contemplation, the import of the whole scene.
Truth was cherished in his mind principally as the means of keeping up his Christian graces, and of exalting him into the region of divine contemplation.
SUCH scenes as these operated beneficially in drawing the blind girl's mind away from the contemplation of her private sorrows.
The first institution of this kind was established at Gardiner, in Maine; and others have been founded in different parts of the country, or are in contemplation.
He was deeply absorbed in contemplation; his head rested heavily upon his two palms, while his eyes were deeply fixed upon the now opened miniature which he had torn from the neck of Lucy Munro, and which rested before him.
With frivolity or vice in all forms for his frequent theme, and often entering into gross details, and sparing nothing of personality, satire, and ridicule in laying open an evil to its very root, it seems as if his heart must be hardened by the contemplation of folly and sin, though with no other object in view than their cure; and that familiarity with them must he nearly as hurtful to the reformer as to the offender.
Edward Walcott was wrapped in his own contemplations, and his companion was in a half slumberous state, from which he started every quarter of an hour, at the chiming of the clock that stood in a corner.
Does the merchant lay his plans less wisely, because he brings into his contemplation a sagacious and comprehensive view of the principles of trade?
Trifling interests are forgotten while the mind gives itself up to awe in contemplation of infinite and solemn truths.
Trusty, who could not be stopped by Dennis's " Niggers, " was now silent in the contemplation of his imagined sublimity; and the Hibernian was as much bewildered as one of that clear-headed race could be. "
I first saw an account of this matter in the " Tour " of Prince Puckler Muskau, who makes the sum inherited ninety millions of pounds, and justly observes that " in the contemplation of so vast a sum, and of the services to which it might be applied, there is something even of the sublime. "
However advantageous, therefore, it may be for the interests of the United States, that a certain power should be given to congress, if such power does not appear to be given in the constitution, or, if it may possibly be considered as coming within the comprehensive range of a very general expression, in ' all probability could never have been in the contemplation of the states to bestow on con -- - gress, it can not be sustained by,
And the debate shows, that the subject of affording such encouragement entered into the contemplations of members of the Convention.
rc below, and on which they rejoiced to meditate, and with the sweet contemplation of which their minds were often entertained; and there, too, the things which they chose for their portion, and which were so dear to them that they were ready for the sake of them to undergo the severest sufferings, and to forsake even father, and mother, and kindred, and friends, and wife, and children, an (l life itself.
recalled them from a contemplation of the wild charms that night had assisted to lend the place to a painful sense of their real peril.
bleeding, -- when our hopes lie prostrate, and we are faint and troubled, it is good to rise to the contemplation of the Infinite Controller, -- to lean back upon the Almighty Goodness that upholds the universe; to realize that He does verily watch over us, and care for us; to feel that around and above all things else He moves the vast circle of his purpose, and carries within it all our joys and sorrows; and that this mysterious tale of human life-this tangled plot of our earthly being-is unfolded beneath His all-beholding eye, and by His omnipotent and paternal hand.
Thou hast too deep a feeling with me of the wondrous fortune which has crowned our enterprise, not to grow watchful in its contemplation.
, perhaps, that it is next to impossible for me to abandon, for a moment, the contemplation of /z/ mathematics and the stars; and that, even if by some strange chance, I happen to write poetry, it must be about the stars of course.
It chanced that very afternoon that, taking up a provincial newspaper in a coffee-room into which he had strolled, on his way to the post-office, the following paragraph met his eye: - We understand that there is a matrimonial alliance in contemplation between J- R-, Esq.
Christians will be humbled by its contemplation, and stimulated to greater activity in the service of Christ.
That was to direct her mind from the contemplation of her loss by the substitution of another in his place -- the philosophy of those days and people, not unlike that of our own, leading people to imagine that the most judicious and successful method for consoling a widow
Birth, Death, the Future; the sufferings and misdeeds of man in this life, and his hopes of a life to come; the littleness of us and our whole sphere of knowledge, and the awful relations in which we stand to the world of the supernatural, these, if any, are the permanent and inevitable objects of human contemplation and solicitude.
From this moment his ambition expanded, his views enlarged in proportion to his means, and his contemplations on the subject of his great floating capital became more profound and philosophical.
But when the mind shrinks, loathing and horror-struck, from the contemplation of these scenes, and is ready to deny the value of descriptions which seem to l) resent nothing but a repetition of unnatural crimes, interest of another kind, characters of a different cast, arrest its attention, and fix it upon these pages of blood.
Being far beyond the regular path for descending, and wishing to intercept the procession before its arrival at the burying ground, I had something like the wolf-race I had just beheld to get down in time; unluckily, I had sent Paul back to the place where we had left our cloaks, and donkeys, and the little girl, with directions to ride round the foot of the hill and meet me at the burying - - ground.
The charcoal vender disappeared -- unhitched his donkey, and turned him with his head into the cart, his body being between the shafts, which position is considered absolutely essential to a valid sale of charcoal -- and this ceremony being gone through with, proceeded to fill the barrel which he afterwards brought in and emptied in the box prepared for it.
CHAPTER IX Badajoz -- Antonio the Gypsy -- Antonio's Proposal -- The Proposal Accepted -- Gypsy Breakfast -- Departure from Badajoz -- The Gypsy Donkey -- Merida -- The Ruined Wall -- The Crone -- The Land of the Moor - - The Black Men -- Life in the Desert -- The Supper.
Their true character, however, very soon appeared; for, as they drew near, they were found to be a troop of laboring peasants of the neighborhood, mounted on peaceful donkeys, and coming down to the shore in search of salt; and so the alarm ended in a laugh.
says the gypsy, and jumping upon its back, he puts it to its paces, first of all whispering something into its ears in Calo, and truly the paces of the donkey are most wonderful, such as I have never seen before. '
-- 13 /z/ end a number of donkeys, upon which they take a wholesome exercise, and acquire the elements of equitation at three sous a ride.
@@748120 txt /q/itue of the Academy ot Music, but often kill time by dropping in at the shows of marvel lous beasts and five-legged donkeys on Chatham street.
My associates, without an exception, are boors and donkeys, not unfrequently combining the agreeable properties of both in one anomalous animal yclept a clown.
Don't be silly and think you'll try To bother the colleges, when you die, With codicil this, and codicil that, That Knowledge may starve while Law grows fat; For there never was pitcher that wouldn't spill, And there's always a flaw in a donkey's will!
These arrangements had scarcely been effected before the crowd of pilgrims came on-men, women, and childrenmounted on donkeys, horses, camels, and mules, and
Domenico the donkey brings, Now for our ride!
Nay, the dog was permitted to jump on his knee: An honor that vex'd our poor donkey to see. "
His voice (Gustavus Cobb's voice) was decidedly and peremptorily in favor of a donkey mail!
O'Leary I'll just tell you how it is, my jewel; as you seem to be a pretty clever fellow, and think that you can do something to serve the lady, I'll just take upon myself to let you see her just; but mark me, master Gubbins; if any donkey driver, or what not, dares cock an eye of affection upon this lady, I'll be bound to say I'll give him a nate drubbing.
in a boat to the opposite side of the city, beyond the barracks; where we found the horses and donkeys waiting for us.
he called me ten times a donkey, and piled a lot of jackasses on top of THAT!
Upon my word, you are nearly as great a donkey as the poor unfortunate imagined himself.
The animal no sooner perceived us than she stopped short, turned round, and attempted to escape by the way she had come; her rider, however, detained her, whereupon the donkey kicked violently, and would probably have flung the former, had she not sprung nimbly to the ground.
Here the little pilot suddenly stuck his heels into the sides of his donkey, and dashed onward at a killing pace; while mule and horse followed hard upon his track, to the great admiration of ragamuffins, who had assembled to witness the entrde of the distinguished party.
It was dark when we arrived, and I jumped on shore searching for a donkey, but none was to be had.
or two outports in France, and an occasional visit to Portsmouth, Plymouth, and Deal, he had in reality seen no more of mankind, however, than if he had been riding a donkey in one of his native mines.
The wood is of a dark brown hue, but retains its form in perfection, the pieces being from one to fifteen feet in length, and from half a foot to three feet in thickness, strewed so closely together, as far as the eye can reach, that an Egyptian donkey can scarcely thread its way through amongst them, and so natural that, were it in Scotland or Ireland, it might pass without remark for some enormous drained bog, on which the exhumed trees lay rotting in the sun.
I have nothing to do with such milk-sop organizations, or the donkeys that draggle at their heels.
The hilly path was ascended by means of donkeys, which we procured at its base.
' Call it Stupid Donkey, ' mumbled a voice behind him; and Geoffrey advanced, his mouth as usual full of something besides words. '
His supremacy was at an end, and there was danger that some other bold fellow might take it into his head to thrash the donkey after the lion's skin had been stripped from his shoulders. "
Like the crest of a helmet taught proudly to nod And wave like a meteor's train abroad, Was the long, long tail, that glorified The glorious donkey's hinder side!
I waited a little longer, and then, becoming impatient, mounted a donkey to ride to the sheikhs.
Had they enter'd the room while the donkey withdrew, They'd have seen their own folly
He laid himself to it, his heels paddling in the sides of his donkey with redoubled industry.
The old doctrine was, that the soul of a philosopher might possess the body of a donkey; but it is an altogether new-fangled thing for the spirit of a Bakewell bull or a Merino to take up its residence in the body of a doctor of divinity, or that of a lecturer on Hygiene.
That silly donkey, Jacques, we met on the road at old Alice's hostel, said he had guided a monk to Ducosse's, and, when I would know more, he swore at me by his beard that he would not tell.
But a neighbour tied some fresh turnips to a stick, and fastened them so that they swung directly before the donkey's nose, and off he set on a brisk trot, in hopes of overtaking them. "
He was convinced that the whole country would rise to a man, in favor of a donkey mail, in preference to the present post office system! "
, " said the woman, pointing with her hand in a particular direction; " he is prisoner yonder for choring a mailla (stealing a donkey); we are come to see what we can do in his behalf; and where can we lodge better than in this forest, where there is nothing to pay?
A diddler stations himself upon this bridge, respectfully informs all passers by of the new county law, which establishes a toll of one cent for foot passengers, two for horses and donkeys, and so forth, and so forth.
She was, of course, the child of poor parents, of whom the donkey was the chief support.
One member hinted and proposed that there should be a general destruction of the enemy's handbills; which was amended so as to embrace a thrashing of the enemy's bill-stickers, wherever found; which was still further enlarged, so as to cover the special case of freighting a hostile bill-sticker's cart with building-stone and breaking a bill-sticker's donkey's back.
Others were walking leisurely up and down, beneath the few decapitated trees, which represent a public promenade; and a boy, with a blue frock and crimson cap, was driving three donkeys down the street.
He came from the Spanish frontier with meal and other articles; he said that his wife was following him and would soon arrive, and in about a quarter of an hour she made her appearance, dripping with rain, and also mounted on a donkey.
much of the donkey in them; for the stupidest brutes and the most enlightened demons agree in equally lacking docility and reverence.
Thus, man, the noblest creature of the earth, must fatten on bran bread and spare vegetables; while the horse, we suppose, is to feed on custards, and the right worshipful donkey on blancmange and ice-cream.
Donkeys brayed, Mexicans chattered, cocks crew, every horse in the corral, or horse-yard, seemed determined to give us his farewell neigh; and amid the almost stunning din I could with difficulty catch the parting words of our host: " Good-by; never trouble yourselves about the horses -- but take good
We were obliged to walk smartly, too, as the gate closed at nine oclock; but when about half way there we met an Arab with a donkey, cheering the stillness of the evening with a song.
Then be called ten times a donkey, and a mule, and an ass, and begone, or I'll clear the world of thee!
Having arranged this, and not being particularly pleased with the interior, and liking exceedingly the donkeys on which it is the custom there to mount on all occasions
By this beauteous river we came to a place where rain and flood had worn the precipice into a steep declivity, shelving towards another precipice, and my horse, accustomed to it, took me down where an English donkey would scarcely have ventured.
Gypsy gentleman, ' say I to one of them, ' what will you have for that donkey? '
Vamonos, ' say I, but the donkey won't move.
On reaching his house, they found the old man sitting at the door, while his son, a good boy, was preparing to take the donkey to market, with a cart load of turnips, radishes, peas, beans, and cabbage.
There I took my solitary walk, morning and evening; or, mounted on a little mouse-colored donkey, paced demurely along the woodland pathway.
It would seem to be the most reasonable thing in the world, Page image - Page 013. that this poor little dilapidated housekeeper should have been on her way toward those rich realms of hams and steaks and legs of mutton, toward which the flood poured, jostling the market-carts, and bewildering the oracularlooking donkeys who gazed at everything from beneath their shaggy eyebrows, as they munched their scanty provender in the stationary carts.
Leaving our donkeys at its foot, and following the nimble footsteps of my little Arab girl, we climbed by a steep ascent to the first range of tombs.
The streets, too, through whose narrow, dusty track We ride in files, each on our donkey's back, When evening's shadow o'er the high gray walls, O'ertopped with oranges and olives, falls, And at each corner ' neath its roof of tiles, Hung with poor offerings, the Madonna smiles In her rude shrine so picturesque with dirt.
Getting rid of them, or as many of them as we could, we again mounted our shaggy donkeys, and rode to the Island of PhilcB.
The comfortable sled, with its wolf-skins and bear-skins, stood at the door, with the same strong donkey fastened to it which was Gottlieb's patient companion in all his journeys through the forest.
The man roared -- the guests laugh'd dog the bell rung: Coals, poker, and tongs, at the donkey were flung, Till the blows and the kicks, with combined demonstration, Convinced him that this was a bad speculation; So, mortified deeply, his footsteps deeply he, Hurt much in his mind, but still more in his body.
I have had so many donkey frolics that I have almost cease (l laughing at donkey parties.
The waiter came round, and the unhappy man, in confident but mellifluous tones, pointing to the bread, asked for " My donkeys. "
It was not a donkey of vulgar breed, But a cloudy vision -- a night-mare steed!
Every week he sent fruit and vegetables to market, in a cart, drawn by a donkey, which some of the neighbors had given to him.
I was glad to get back to my rascally donkey.
Just as he turned the corner leading to the door of St. Stephen's, the donkey, fixing his eye steadily on the editor's messenger, would start off at a smart gallop, and, as a matter of course, reach the door several seconds before the messenger, and would immediately commence setting up a portentous bray, as if to give notice to Mr. Grant that more " copy, " as it is technically styled, was needed.
But, tender and delicate as she looked, she would have walked by the side of e2 /z/ her donkey, and tired down the strongest man.
After a time, the train of donkeys, bearing their heavy burdens, went toiling up the steep ascent again, and disappeared.
My last article left the party on their donkeys, I returning from the grottoes and tombs on the Mountain of Osioot.
Returning now, at the end of nine hours ' bard work, crossing rivers and rambling among ruins, the sharp exercise, and the grating of my teeth at the stubborn movements of my donkey, gave me an extraordinary voracity, and dinner, the all-important, never-to-be-forgotten, business of the day, the delight alike of the ploughman and philosopher, dinner, with its uncertain goodness, began to press upon the most tender sensibilities of my nature.
dispose of the donkey; no one, however, will buy him; he is a Calo donkey, and every person avoids him.
Our two cousins, Emily and Helen, rode on country saddles, and a Greek donkey driver walked by their side.
You may put out the eyes of the sun at mid-day -- You may hold a young cherubim fast by the tail -- You may steal from night's angel his blanket away -- Or the song of the bard at its flood-tide may stay, But that cloud-phantom donkey to stop you would fail!
-- The Doctor's visage was elongated beneath his wig, into a most refreshing solemnity, reminding you of some strange creation of fabulous history, linking the prominent characteristics of the donkey and the owl. "
A lady once told him in jest that her youngest brother, a lad of twelve years old, had called his donkey Braham, in honour of the great singer of that name.
' I will have ten dollars for it, Caballero nacional, ' says the gypsy; ' it is the best donkey in all Spain. '
My donkeys, " was the prompt reply, and the joke was winked down the table, while the Spaniard was hammering away at " My donkeys " till he got the pronunciation perfect.
I manage children pretty much as the man did the donkey,  replied Mrs. Fairweather. "
The donkey driver, Y., said lie meant to make a good rider of me, but 1 confess I had some fear of mounting even the meek little fellow, sure footed and good, which was allotted me.
Then she went to the market and told Frau Bridget all about it; and Frau Bridget said, that, two nights before, Hans Claus, the cooper, had heard a great pounding in his shop, and in the morning found new hoops on all his old hogsheads; and that a man with a lantern and a ladder had been seen riding out of town at midnight on a donkey, and that the same night the old windmill, at Kloster St. Thomas, had
We remember to have known a party of them, closely besieged in a castle, and suffering for water, to let down their donkeys and mules by ropes from the walls, and permit them to fall into the hands of their besiegers rather than to kill them or let them feel the want of water; and we should have supposed them to be merciful, had we not known that they retained their Christian captives, and saw them going round at daybreak, licking from the stones the little moisture that had been deposited in the night, and gradually perishing with thirst.
, the P. M. G. contemplates introducing donkeys throughout the department -- superannuated donkeys.
should form a party to the Tchiflick * on Wednesday, and so between four and five o'clock we were up, and our donkeys and donkey drivers were brought with the mules for our baggage.
Three months after, she happened to encounter him on the same spot, when he accosted her, without any previous salutation, " You were telling me about a donkey, Miss -- -, a donkey of your brother's -- Braham, I think you called him -- yes, Braham; a strange name for an ass!
Against the adjacent palace-wall, a poorly-clad old man urges his donkey, whose slender proportions are almost hidden beneath a towering load of vegetables.
The number of horses, oxen, cows, sheep, donkeys, swine, hens, ducks, geese, and goslings; the quantity of corn, oats, buckwheat, potatoes, hay, cotton, hemp, flax, cheese, bacon, &c., &c., &c.; and when he has got all this before him in a well-arranged table, he is fully competent to make all sorts of laws, recoinmen (l all sorts of measures, meddle with every man's private business, govern the nation according to Cocker's arithmetic, and take his stand among the " Heaven-born Statesmen. "
But when the donkey's turn came on, They heard him with many ifs.
Small droves of donkeys, with their panniers filled with the firmly moulded product of the mine, wind along the highway, and far above appears the Girgenti on the summit of a mountain.
Over all these difficulties, our guide urged his donkey gaily and unconcernedly.
Winding his doubtful and perilous way among tottering and ruined houses, jostled by camels, dromedaries, horses, and donkeys, perhaps he will draw up against a wall, and, thinking of plague, hold his breath and screw himself into nothing, while he allows a corpse to pass, followed by a long train of howling women, dressed in black, with masks over their faces; and entering
Under favourable auspices I commenced moving, upon a donkey, from the village of Resina towards Vesuvius, through a kind of lane choked up with earth and stones.
After a while a lady came along, riding a little donkey.
He was mounted on a donkey fantastically accoutred and having at the end of his nose an elephant's trunk.
As she grew up, she went out occasionally alone; and even among the Turks her interesting little figure made her a favourite; and when all the other donkeys were idle, hers was sure to be engaged.
The little pilot led the way on a donkey; my friend followed on a mule, and I brought up the rear on horseback.
Even the poor, despised donkey is changed by its magic influence.
Their plantations of maize were always some miles distant, and they never seem to think of moving their houses nearer to their clearings on the edge of the forest.
/z/ It is inferred, e. g. from such speculations, that a triangular beam supported at both ends, will support a greater load with the edge uppermost, than with the base uppermost, because the fibres of the lower surface being farther from the fulcrum, exert a greater influence than the others, and the more there are of them, or the wider the under surface, the stronger the beam.
Her beautiful arms, bare to the shoulder, were adorned with massy rings of virgin gold, so flexible, from the purity of the metal, that they were twisted and untwistod with as much ease as though they had been silken cords; the right hung over the edge of the hammock, its small and graceful hand resting upon a little stand or table at her side -- while the left, folded beneath her head, was half veiled beneath her abundant hair.
The stem, of a brownish colour and three inches long, has circular leaves with lobes, and indented at the edges.
Leaving the road, and turning into a footpath through the fields, they passed close by the upper edge of the pond.
In rolling over the edge of the rock, his moccasined feet had come into contact with a slight projection where his toes had caught
it; whereas the upper and under edges of the Roman ogee, being perpendicular to the horizon, the lightest place on its surface will not be lighter than a perpendicular j) lanc surface; nor will it be better relieved in shadow than perpendicular plane surfaces, also in shadow.
Not a simple aria, my dear Miss Ashton, " said Heartsease, smoothing the fringed edge of his cravat, and adjusting his collar with a gentle hand, " not some simple morceau! "
Selonee came within sight of their back settlements, and seated himself upon a log at the edge of the forest with his back carefully turned towards the smoke of the camp.
Cradock, when she began, had laid aside a little Greek book, over which he was conning, and had at every new period of her relation given his chair a hitch towards her, till he sat directly before her, on the edge of his chair, his knees pressed close together, and his palms resting upright on them, his head stooped forward, so as to be at right angles with his body, and his parting lips creeping round to his ears, with an expression of complacent wonder.
They sprang forward to the very edge of the sloping ground.
Adonais, The bound Prometheus, will become great lamps Lit on the edges of thick darkness, blazing Over broad lands and out on weltering seas, Like glorious suns that midnight change to noon: Great beacons on the fringes of the sea, Speaking the glories of the hoary Past To future ages, far in the womb of Time, And flashing inspiration on that sea, And all the earnest souls that journey there
Some ran furiously to the water's edge, beating the air with frantic gestures, while others spat upon the element, to resent the supposed treason it had committed against their acknowledged rights as conquerors.
Sometimes a gentleman in the furor of his zeal, came spanking upon the floor; sometimes a lady, losing balance in the heat of her motion, dashed headlong into the ruffles of one of the stationary young gentlemen off duty, who were gathered in groups about the edges of the dance.
letting their feet rest a moment on the graveyard's edge, they escaped into the road, and scampered to their homes, leaving a sound of cheerful young voices far behind.
Just opposite to this, is Breakneck, which rises, almost perpendicularly, from the edge of the water, and seems the frowning guardian of the pass.
We separated, accordingly, three to the sand-hills on the left, and the others of us to those which lay to the right, along on the edge of a large dry salt lake.
are now in what may be called the paradise of that part of the country between Bent's Fort and San Miguel; and yet he who leaves the edge of the Canadian, or its tributaries, must make a good day's march to find food, water, or grass. "
She emerged from the edge of the little nook, near which the revel had been carried on, and stood, without speaking a syllable, for several seconds, looking upon the circle with an expression of high-raised scorn in her
This can not be regarded as an uncut copy since the edges have been trimmed.
They took this oppor tunity to rob the tombs; and with loud infernal laughter, to strip the dead of their habiliments of death; and would try the edge of their swords on dead bodies; and on some while yet breath ing.
When within fifty yards of this cavern, on looking up, he found himself under the drop from the edges above. '
Curious to ascertain this point, I let myself down out of the tree, and going to the edge of the wood, was glad to perceive our herd of cows chewing the cud or grazing not far off.
There are various ways of notching; one of the neatest is to fold over one corner of each notch; or you may arrange the notches to stand upright and lie flat, alternately, all round the edge.
The leaves of the bread-fruit are of great size, and their edges are cut and scolloped as fantastically as those of a lady's lace collar.
Trees bent over the very edge of the summit, and their unearthed roots twisted among the rocks like huge serpents.
We hewed out a spacious arbor at the edge of the jungle, and in this I had the tent pitched to protect it from the wind, which it did effectually, as well as the kennel, which was near the same spot.
which shade will be lightest on that edge which is next to the wall and to the luminary, and darkest at that edge next to the middle of the column.
@@104 Covers, Edges and Spine Main text HARRY HAREFOOT.
They sat down together upon the edge of the bed. "
18mo, Muslin, 75 cents; Muslin, gilt edges, $1 00.
Mine could not, and I very soon left behind me all of terra firma that intervened between me and the siren, and ensconced myself in a deeply shaded nook at the very water's edge, where I could see and hear without being observed.
It seemed to Aldarin as though the universe, with all the boundless fields of space, was comprised in the sweep of the awful rocks of bitumen and red-hot ore of lead, extending for miles and miles innumerable, on either side, with the waves of fire -- each wave bearing its awful burden of a damned soul -- surging and foaming over the edge of the precipice, while a hissing and crackling sound, like the noise of ten thousand forests, ravaged by flame, startled the very air of hell, and mingled with the shrieks of the ******.
Cloth, extra, black and gold, plain edges, $3.00; cloth, red, black and gold, gilt edges, $4.50; sheep, marbled edges, $3.50; Turkey morocco, gilt edges, $8.00.
I turned it up and held the edge upon the tip of my tongue, till that one thick drop had slowly trickled out -- O, the flavor and fragrance of that one drop!
; then join A F, F G, and G H, and describe the pa-abohcal parts A I, and K H, and the under edge of the falling mould will be completed; the upper edge will be formed by drawing a line parallel to it, equal to the thickness of the rail.
walls; and along the edge of the quays are ranges of iron sheds, intended as a temporary shelter for the goods unladed from the shipping.
-- The brightness is dimmed, discoloured; and upon its ragged edge, gouts of palpitating bloody flesh, are yet adhering -- Can it be that?
The sun was shining redly in the west, his broad, flaming disk on a level with the ocean, the top of every leaping wave of which he touched with fire: a dark cloud hung just above it, with lurid edges; and the whole aspect of the heavens was to her eye angry and menacing, and betokened a tempest.
Take them out carefully with an egg-slice, and trim off all the ragged edges from the white, which should thinly cover the yolk.
edges of the falling mould, and it will give the form of the upper and under edges of the rail.
These meddling youngsters, too -- however, I can't blame them, they had provocation, I confess -- and this war gives an edge to all the metal of the country.
There is no rawness nor imperfection in its edge there, as where the axe has cleared a part, or a cultivated field abuts on it.
Soon, all along the now desolate shores of the Forth and Clyde, villas and pleasure grounds would be as thick as along the edges of the Dutch canals.
said he -- taking the cigar from his mouth, and knocking the ashes from it, over the edge of a wine glass, half full of old Madeira (for these things were
Zephyr, still loosely clinging to his foe, allowed himself to be dragged to the edge of the cliff, the opposite column shouting all the while their yells of triumph, when suddenly he untwisted his legs, threw a back somerset, wrenched himself free from Orson's clutches as he did so, and then stood on his feet at the head of his column, while his antagonist, who, with his whole party, had been tugging with might and main to drag their enemies to the brow of the precipice, now suddenly released from the opposing pressure, toppled backwards upon his men, who all fell one upon another, heels over head, down the steep side of the mount, rolling helter-skelter on each other, till they reached the marsh below, some of them even sousing themselves in the creek at the base of the hill, before the impetus of their descent
Before the door stood two lofty posts, connected at the top by a beam, from which was suspended an enormous sign, ornamented around its edges with certain curious carvings in pine boards, and on its faces loaded with Masonic emblems.
After a little while, as is sometimes the case with all of us, when our spirits are enkindled and our sensibilities aroused far beyond their wont, the atmosphere of the airy room in which the lovers sat appeared to them confined and oppressive, their souls seemed to want scope to expand -- they panted for the free air of the wide, starry heavens, and forth they strolled, arm-inarm, through the quiet moonlight, across the beautiful savannah -- across the little brook, dry-shod upon the snow-white stepping-stones -- and thence along the forest's edge whence first Hernando had beheld her.
These preparations had been made about an hour, when two or three Indians were seen lurking about the edge of the nearest woodland, and their appearance being hailed by a flourish of trumpets, and a show of soldiers manoeuvering upon the esplanade above the gates, they instantly retired, and nothing was heard or seen that day from the walls of Isabella to justify the suddenness of Alonzo de Ojeda's arrival, and the alarm he had occasioned.
After this task was ended, disencumbering himself of the watch cloak, he crept down to the water's edge, and plunging into the calm basin swam
Large cisterns or tanks for the supply of breweries, manufactories, &c,; are usually made of castiron plates, screwed together by means of flanges all round their edges.
The clouds grew banked in solid columns, like the gathering wings of an invading army, on the edges of the southern and southeastern horizon.
8vo, Morocco, gilt edges, $5 00; Imitation Morocco, gilt edges, $4 25;
Some of the finest peach-trees we have ever known were nurtured beneath the shadow of a tall sycamore; and in walking along the edge of woods, we have often stopped to admire the sturdy limbs and luscious crop of some ancient apple-tree.
The monk Albertine made a solemn inclination of his head, and kneeling on the marble floor in the centre of the group, he struck the edge of the goblet upon the tesselated stone with a quick and sudden motion of his hand.
On one of these they killed three buffaloes and two elks, and halting on the edge of a beautiful prairie, made a sumptuous hunter's repast.
He had only to stimulate her mind into bolder exercise -- to conduct it to topics of the utmost hardihood -- to inspire that sort of moral recklessness which some people call courage -- which delights to sport along the edge of the precipice, and to summon audacious spirits from the great yawning gulfs which lie below.
There was a quick beating of the heart, which she found it impossible to subdue; and her instinctive retreat, beyond the outermost edge of the little circle, was but the natural impulse of a sensitive mind, which shrank from betraying its own unseasonable and vexatious embarrassment.
and made his way towards the foot of the heights, that, skirting the northern edges of the Wateree, conduct the eye of the spectator to tke lofty summits of the Santee hills beyond.
Cloth, extra, per set, $7.50; half calf, gilt, marbled edges, per set, $18.00; half Russia, gilt top, $21.00;
He went into the edge of the woods one day, and saw a rabbit; but not knowing what it was, he ran home and described it to his grandfather.
in 1, $3; cloth, $1.50; gilt edges, $2.50.
of the way during the conflict, but they now all hastened to the spot where the tiger lay, carried him to the edge of the jungle, and laid him on the grass.
Russia, marbled edges, $6.00; half calf, gilt, marbled edges, $12.00.
When the edging is planted, let any inequalities of the top be cut as even and neat as possible, with a pair of shears.
I s'pose I'd get dinner reglar,  said the little black girl, still fingering the edge of her basket. "
The edges of these bones are fringed with hairy fibres, through which the Right Whale strains the water, and in whose intricacies he retains the small
I looked a moment though I was hotly engaged with two good swordsmen, in the expectation of seeing him fall; but, in a twinkling, he was out of sight, his blade rattling like hail, about the bayonets that hedged him in, as he passed in a circle of incessant fire, giving point and edge, at the same moment.
If a thread, equal m length to B G, be fixed at C, the end of a square, ABC, and the other end fixed at F; and if the side A B, of the square be moved along the right line A D, and if the point E, be always kept close to the edge B C, of the square, keeping the string tight, the point or pin E, will describe a curve E G I H, called a parabola.
We had proceeded a mile or two with our fresh team, when the tow-rope got entangled in a fallen branch on the edge of the canal, and caused a momentary delay, during which I went to examine the phosphoric light of an old tree, a little within the forest.
The rest of his face forcibly suggested the idea of a convex edge.
It is built in the space between two colossal rocks; above it, far, far into the sky towers that wall of leaves; from its narrow door to the water's edge,
Despair lent vigor and swiftness to the horse and foot of Palmyra -- rage at the long continued contest -- revenge for all they had lost and endured, nerved the Roman arm, and gave a double edge to its sword.
This reward was advertised in the summer of 1832; and the next spring a fisherman, at a distant, unfrequented part of the island, saw on a pleasant afternoon a young female Indian, laving at the edge of the water.
Besides the distinctive common faith ' of evangelical Christians, Spurgeon preaches Calvinism too, sometimes ultra Calvinism, as it will be called, with all its edges and points, but in his use it has so much vitality that it may be accepted for the theology of the feelings ' by many who would question it
Trees of medium and smaller size should be so interspersed with those of larger growth, as to break up all formal sweeps in the line produced by the tops of their summits, and occasionally, low trees should be planted on the outer edge of the mass, to connect it with the humble verdure of the surrounding sward.
If he can give each hive that needs it, an unhatched queen, without removing her from her frame, so much the better; but if he has not enough frames with sealed queens, while some of them contain two or more queens, he must proceed as follows: With a very sharp knife, carefully cut out a queen cell, on a piece of comb an inch or more square; cut a place in one of the combs of the hive to which this cell is to be given, just about large enough to receive it in a natural position, and if it is not secure, put a little melted wax with a feather, where the edges meet.
We continued along the edge of this ravine southerly for about four miles, when we halted for the day.
In about four hours we saw, crossing the valley and stopping on the edge of the desert, a single Arab.
, and when sombre clouds and interwoven branches of tall trees shut out even the light of the flashing torch of the lightning, except when once it shivered, ten yards before us, an enormous oak, to whose hypocritical welcome of towery leaves we were hastening for protection from the beginning hail storm, and when the thunderbolt that burst upon the stricken giant, stunned our fearful ears, and threw us trembling back upon a sharp rock which quivered in its tottering tenancy of the edge of a deep ravine, and then plunged down the precipice, leaving us clinging and climbing with desperate strength upon the uncertain sand and crumbling clay.
At some distance from the huts, on the edge of the lake, they fell upon the bones of a human being, scattered about among the stones and bushes, as if rent asunder by wild beasts; and near them was discovered a rusted rifle, which, being taken to the valley, was recognised as the weapon of Potts, the raftsman
All the petals should have perfectly entire edges, free from notch of serrature.
They now walked along the edge of the pond, some distance, and after wandering some time in the woods, they returned home by a circuitous route.
I was as far away from them as if pillowed on the clouds, whose silver edges crinkled round the moon.
A close fence for a few years will secure the most tender fruit-trees on the very edge of an ocean cliff.
Dowelling is far superior to grooving and tonguing, because the cutting away the stuff to receive the tongue greatly weakens the edges of the joint, which are apt to curl.
The waning moon had just risen above the horizon, but was veiled by a mass of dense clouds, their silvered edges just giving the intimation of her sweet presence.
There will be great bunches of shadow in one corner of a man's heart, and right over against them, and looking down upon them, and gilding, it may be, their edges, will be great expanses of brightness.
We therefore continued along the edge of those valleys, our progress much impeded by the vast trunks of fallen trees in a state of decay, some of which were upwards of one hundred and fifty feet long, without a branch, as straight as an arrow, and from three to eight and ten feet in diameter.
edge of a steep slope of this rubbish, sending the stones at every step rolling and bounding into the depth below.
He proceeded very well till he got to the edge of the pond, where an inclination to the
// edge of herbs, roots, and waters, in any of the king's dominions, to minister in and to any outward sore, uncome, wound, apostemation, outward swellings or disease, any herbs, ointments, baths, pultess and emplasters, according to their cunning, ' or drinks for the stone, strangury, or agues, without suit, vexation, trouble, penalty, or loss of their goods. '
square, yet sharp, having an edge though no point: in short, such a combination of feature and limb in face and person, was never seen before nor since.
A look of soft happiness filled it; the thin edges of resolve melted before it. "
There never was a couple went into the new countries with fairer prospects; Rufus had tugged every way to save enough to buy him a small farm; and when we got to Buffalo, we struck down south, and settled just on the edge of Lake Erie.
It was a wonder that both did not tumble out of bed that night; for each slept upon the extreme edge of the mattress, as far as possible from the other.
Jest before we got to the edge of the fall we all got a terrible shower-bath from a spring of water what falls in the path from the rock above.
Her beautiful face, of course, lost nothing by contrast with the coarser features with which she was surrounded; and a fat bachelor lieutenant devoted every breath of time that he could possibly spare from his very eager deglutition, to staring at her.
As the carriage drew up, they saw several faces at the window, and a pocket handkerchief waving at the end of the piazza; and as they alighted, they were welcomed by
There was a gentle tap at the door, and a pretty chambermaid, putting in her smiling face, inquired, with a hesitating air, whether I had rung.
You will see me ever beside you -- at nightfall, in the quiet noonday, ay, even in your pulpit, you will look down and see my face in the old familiar pew, and memory will overmaster you.
Her voice died on her lips, and her face became colorless
Take her to her room -- she is out of her head " -- the face of Uncle Peter grew crimson, as he waved his hand, and with that emphatic gesture, and angry voice, bade the country damsels remove the bewildered girl. "
Mabel and the boys gazed in silent satisfaction at the rapt and excited child, as, lost in the contemplation of this panorama of ocean, earth, and sky, she manifested in her face and gestures an extasy of delight such as words would have been powerless to express.
I had escaped the grave -- I knew no more -- " After a troubled sleep, broken by a frightful dream, -- in which I saw his face and the uplifted knife -- I woke once more, and became conscious that a woman's form was slumbering at my side.
A quantity of blue window glass was next obtained, and holes drilled through the corners of it, and several sheets were wired together to increase the size, and, when complete, was suspended from the ceiling in its proper place, and so arranged that when a person was sitting, this sheet of glass could be moved to and from, the object of which was to prevent shadows on the face of the sitter produced from the uneven surface of the glass.
pale, haggard and convulsed, as with sympathy or Remorse -- this face came with the face of the Poor Girl, and floated before the mental eye of the Unknown.
She laughed, for answer to her own question, and then with another sudden diversion she demanded of a look in Clementina's face which would not be laughed away, " Well
Having thoroughly defeated the American left, he was now free to turn his face upon the isolated continentals.
Every holding becomes subdivided when the cultivating proprietor dies and leaves more than one child; and, as the whole face of the country is open and without hedges, the division is easily and speedily made.
From the bottom of the breast to the navel, one face. "
and anxious Marian stood by the side of the couch gazing upon the face of that once beloved sister -- alas!
She was amiable and good in all ways; the everlasting smile on her face did not belie her heart.
And yet the day comes -- " he staggered to his feet again, and held the light near the sad, sullen face of the Image, -- " And yet the day comes, O Lord, when thy Spirit, no longer imprisoned by creeds, shall walk freely once more into the homes and hearts of Men.
Vasco Nunez surveyed the face of the speaker with a look of inquiry, that truly indicated the feeling of doubt in his mind. "
He had pulled the curls over his eyes, and tied up his face with a great handkerchief over the cap, as Gruffy has been doing lately when she had the face-ache, and he went about among the little chaps in such a motherly, bustling way, it was quite affecting.
For no sooner did the gaze of Israel rest upon the uncovered face, than his own face, so ruddy and well-preserved, assumed an unhealthy and chalky color.
The brilliant lights shed their glare on the smiling faces, and the gorgeous dresses.
She had a kind of tender dignity in her dance, and the delicate beauty of her face translated itself into the grace of her movements.
On the left, as the pilgrim sat with his face to the east, the outlines of the coast were comparatively low, but broken into gentle
Martin fixed his burning eyes once more upon his uncle's, and kept them there, until the latter passed his hand before his face, to veil his feelings and collect his thoughts. "
But for once the routiers kept faith -- the din ceased in the encampment, the lights went out one by one, and silence of dewy night fell over tent and bivouac as peacefully as if the deadliest of foes were not almost arrayed beneath it face to face.
The Doctor arranged his flowing wig, with a somewhat nervous movement, and the lank face of the lawyer was lengthened out, by an expression of apathetic wonder, most ludicrous to behold. "
The malaria of their rum and tobacco was an offence in my face.
To catch the beau's unthinking heart, To check th ' assuming fopling's vows, The bridling frown of wrinkled brows; Those haughty airs of face and mind, Departed beauty leaves behind.
Do we not see the trace of bitter tears upon the face that used to glow with smiles?
Uncertain as he had been at the first who were the men, whom he thus recklessly attacked, Aulus Fulvius had not well turned the angle of the wood, before he recognized the faces of almost all the leading men of the opposite party.
The arrow of Tamenund would not frighten the fawn; his arm is withered like the branch of a dead oak; the snail would be swifter in the race; yet is Uncas before him as they went to battle against the pale faces!
What interest in the action and contrast in the faces, and expression of the faces!
When he raised his face to the light again, his eyes were wet with tears, his face distorted with agony.
But I 'm tired Of the false smile, that lightens up the face Of
In the hope of preventing their firing, we caused the guard in their uniforms to stand along in the most exposed and conspicuous station; but it had no effect, not even when so near the fort, that they must have been heard imploring them to desist firing, and seen to fall with their faces to the deck, at every renewed discharge of the cannon.
The last rays of the sun streamed through a break in the mountains and fell on her flushed features: her full blue eyes glistened with a tear as she turned her face from me, and her graceful figure shook with the conflict of emotions swelling in her breast.
None who had seen her before could fail now to observe the softened character of her beauty, and those who saw " A thousand blushing apparitions start Into her face " -- whenever his eyes rested on her, could scarcely doubt his influence over her.
The sick lady hastily drew the curtains of her bed between her and the group at the fire, and then throwing herself with her face on the pillow, murmured wildly, " Save me!
I think he prides himself on his personal appearance, for he has a handsome face, with a dark blue eye, and a high forehead that is scantily embellished with some silver-tipped locks, that, I observe,
At this mention of his bitter foe, a frown lowered on the fine face of Lamoriciere, as he briefly and sternly replied: " With the King, Monsieur -- General Bugeaud is with the King.
The pawn-broker was yet examining the offered pledge, when a woman, whose pale face and attenuated form bespoke long and intimate acquaintance with sorrow, came hastily into the shop, and with the single exclamation, " O Robert! "
And further, I had some notion of a dozen or more trimly dressed youths, with bronzed faces newly shaved, and shining with their late ablutions -- all this I faintly apprehended, before the cavalcade disappeared, in a cloud of dust.
They had stolen two days ' march upon the English army, before the Duke of Cumberland knew any thing of their movements: but when it was ascertained that they had aclually commenced their retreat, his courage and that of his army began to rise; it seemed to be the first time they had breathed freely for six weeks, during which a small and ill appointed force had carried the standard of Glenfinnin a hundred and fifty miles into the heart of England, in the face of a hostile people, and of an army which immeasurably exceeded theirs in discipline and numbers.
He lifted his eyes to Father Fabian's face -- then turned them in search of May.
He had a ruddy face, garnished with the stumps of a bristly red beard and mustache; on one side of his head was a round cap with a knob at the top, such as Scottish laborers sometimes wear; his coat was of a nondescript form, and made of a gray Scotch plaid, with the fringes hanging all about it; he wore pantaloons of coarse homespun, and hob-nailed shoes; and to complete his equipment, a little black pipe was stuck in one corner of his mouth.
We were close to the door, and I observed that instead of turning to look at me as she did, the man drew up, as if collecting himself, and put his hand upon hers with a strong, though gentle pressure, as it lay upon his arm, and then as I made my bow and passed out of the door, he turned slowly toward me, so that I had full view of his face.
Father Eustaquio followed her into a low ceiled chamber, where seated in a cane chair, with her face leaning upon her hand sat the lovely
By his side walked his slender-shaped attendant, to all appearance a youth of some twenty winters, yet his tawny face, marked by bold and regular features, half-concealed by masses of jet black hair, falling aside from his forehead, in elf-like curls, was marked by a deep wrinkle between the brows, a stern compression of the lip, and a wild and wandering eye, that glanced from side to side with a restless and nervous glance, that seemed to peruse the face of every man who came within its gaze, and read the characters and motives of all who journeyed onward to the castle.
Now, in the face of this doleful strain of complaint, and show of suffering virtue, there is likely, we think, to be found dwelling in the public mind, and finding a voice, too, in public speech, certain significant, and it may be awkward queries, which it were well, perhaps, if the Secretary would prepare himself to answer, that is to say, if he expects to gain much credit for his Popular Appeal against General Scott beyond that of having the ability to maintain a desperate cause with desperate and reckless cunning and ingenuity.
She /z/ can not now bear her weight ten minutes, without reddening in her little face with fatigue, and sinking down into the lap.
The slain Greeks Do lie with faces heavenward, as becomes Sons of Miltiades.
other, -- silently saying that the sight of a friendly face had more nearly unnerved us than had all the rough encounters of the past week; and then we went down to give at least the brightening effect of our presence.
He looked full into his face, and scrutinized his features closely, still failing to recognize them.
Please, " said Weasand, " stand out of my light, the next time it comes; I want to get a look at Helskill's face. "
But the wind howled; the leafless branches of the old trees without were crushed up, shivering and creaking against the house; the frozen snow beat a wild reville on the windows, and May's face grew very sad and thoughtful.
Uncas raised the blanket for their passage, and as the sisters turned to thank him for this act of attention, they saw the scout seated again before the dying embers, with his face resting on his hands, in a manner which showed how deeply he brooded on the unaccountable interruption which had broken up their evening devotions.
heaven knows, Silvia, I would see your face covered with smiles of joy and happiness, not full of gloom as it is now.
When he had ceased, the faces of the congregation were turned to where the Tanner of Enon sat on one of the chief seats of the synagogue, as if desiring that he would say somewhat.
He was wrapped in a cloak, as if to conceal his features and person, for the night was not cool, but the front was now dropped from his face upon his breast, across which his arms were folded.
She went out, and shortly after Lander came in with a sort of hopeful apathy in his face.
Arabella was playing with enthusiasm; it was evident she was charmed with her own performance; and her noble teacher sat beside her, the music book open in his hand, his small keen eyes cast partly upward in admiration; but as his glance could rest on the face of his fair pupil, it was not certain whether her beauty or her music caused his raptures. "
Cousin Betty was a little bit of a woman, with a face as full of wrinkles as a frozen apple, and a pair of the busiest and most twinkling little black eyes you ever saw, a prominent and parrot like nose, with a chin formed on the very same pattern, only that it turned up instead of down, the two so very nearly meeting that the children said they had " to turn their faces sideways to kiss her. "
She held a wax candle in the other hand, (bees-wax was frequently used by the inhabitants,) which threw a brilliant glare in my face.
for, many a face did I see bathed in tears, and others beaming with smiles and love, as, with respectful, half-turned looks, they seemed to give us their blessing. "
But, when they looked into the venerable stranger's face, not the most thoughtless among them dared to offer him the least impertinence.
/z/ " Swift over twilight's lovely face, Those changing hues each other chase; Trembles from snowy depths afar The dawning of her earliest star, And glows the crescent's subtle horn, From the expiring sunset born A gem upon her mantle worn, And binding night to day, Where evening hangs on day's retreat, Where bounds of light and darkness meet, And each, on heaven's azure sheet, In
he gazed on the furrowed face of his parent; but the orbs of the old man were hot, burning, and dry as a fountain channel in the desert when the Simoon had passed -- a stern and melancholy darkness of mind was on them unbroken by a glimmer of light.
Tom drank the water, and looked earnestly and pitifully into her face. "
The eye, as it roamed around the brilliant circle, encountered few of those vapid faces which make the staple of the surroundings of an hereditary throne.
I saw a face, - - my God!
The hunter imagined that he felt the intense light of his eyes, shining into his face. "
echoed the other, smiling still, but with a darkening of the face the while. "
I hate thy face -- hate it as I do hell!
There, grouped along the steps of stone, stood the stout yeoman, his brow wearing one fixed and steady frown, as, with his sword half drawn from the scabbard, he gazed upon the face of Aldarin; there stood two figures veiled in robes of sweeping sable, while the erect form and venerable face of the knight o ' th ' Longsword confronted the scholar, standing on the slab of stone. "
The face, too, is not that of a common child; the proportions are perfectly developed and of great beauty.
You may therefore imagine the amazement, the indignation struggling into life on Peter's face, when he beheld himself defied and insulted by the sublime impertinence of Jacopo. "
In this strange dress, and, I suppose, without washing her hands or face, she visited the magnificent court of Louis the Fourteenth.
Lizzy, if I remember right, has a pretty face.
At last some fellers hearn the jolts at the house, and they cum and dug us out, for we had fit into a hole whar a big pine stump had burnt out, and thar we was, up to our girths a peggin away, face to face, and no dodgin!
Then Fronto, the priest of the temple, when the crier had proclaimed that the hour of worship and sacrifice had come, and had commanded silence to be observed, - standing at the altar, glittering in his white and golden robes, like a messenger of light, - bared his head, and, lifting his face up toward the sun, offered in clear and sounding tones the prayer of dedication. "
T was his face; the high, colorless brow, surrounded by thick, short auburn curls.
He gives them the same ornament which he so judiciously distributes over his own face, and the price of the article is necessarily enhanced to the citizen, by the employment of materials which the latter would much rather not have at all upon his purchases.
it was that the Unkown bent forward with parted lips and flashing eyes -- perusing the Preacher's face with an intense gaze, and awaiting the first word from his lips, with every faculty of his soul. "
For a moment he caught a glimpse of Fanny's face, and then she was gone.
But this law, as appears on the face of it, must be wholly inoperative.
upon the ground: Myriads of happy faces throng me round, Familiar to my eye; yet heart and mind In vain would now the old communion find.
He installed himself in his great arm-chair, and looked around, musingly, upon his books and papers, as we gaze upon the faces of familiar friends after a long absence.
You saw her fine dress and pretty pale face, but you didn't see her little shrunken foot, dangling helplessly beneath the silken robe.
This is strange,  cried Copley, looking him in the face, which now, as the painter fancied, had a singular depth of intelligence, though hitherto it had not
He walks through the debtors ' floor, startles as he hears the stifled cry for bread, and contemplates with pained feelings the wasting forms and sickly faces that everywhere meet his eye.
There was witchcraft in little Pearl's eyes, and her face, as she glanced upward at the minister, wore that naughty smile which made its expression frequently so elvish.
With this advice he turned from the counsel and earnestly gazed in Clifton's face, as if life and death awaited the reply.
A person accused ought always to be brought face to face with his accuser, and all trials should take place in the presence of indifferent bystanders.
Some fell away, some foamed at the mouth, some lay on the ground in spasms, the faces of several grew white, others purple and black, one appeared to be strangling and
, of which we have spoken, is of such // marvellous beauty, its face is so weak in its expression, that some have seriously doubted whether the head was chiselled by the same artist, and was part of the same work.
It was agony to look on the motionless form, and blood-streaked countenance before him -- to watch the cloud of anxiety that seemed to deepen on his master's face as each new restorative failed its accustomed virtue, to listen to the subdued murmurs and fearful whispers, and to note the blanched faces of his school-fellows.
Ludicrous and juvenile indeed, they would say, must be the credulity of any one sitting out to find somewhere, as a fact, what it requires the utmost of their inventive power but to figure out in fiction.
erroneous ones at that -- while historical fiction not only presents the skeleton to our view, but clothes upon it flesh and blood and soul, till it warms into being, and shadows forth the form and body of the time. '
Let the book pass for what it is worth: if taken for History, it will be thought I had a somewhat remarkable experience, if for Fiction, that I have tolerable Invention; and then my scull will be in the market -- for the booksellers in my lifetime, -- and the Phrenologists afterwards.
Verily, there was more truth than fiction in these words.
It occurs in fact and in fiction, and in either case it is of a high species.
There is no question that J. Fenimoro Cooper held the very front rank as a writer of fiction; his popularity in this respect has had no parallel in this country.
Some preserve a fondness for fictions // almost as wild as those, which amused their earlier years, while others can be pleased Ofli * with the recital of what is strictly probable.
But the exploits of the oldest heroes among the Greeks, Meleager, Tydeus, and others, before Hercules and Jason, were performed at home; and even those which are said to have been performed by Hercules out of Greece, are probably a later fiction, invented at the time when his name was first added to the number of the Argonauts, and the Grecian Hercules was confounded with the Phoenician.
Good people often seem laboring under a great mistake in regard to works of fiction.
And therefore, as the gospel clearly teaches, we baptize only the household of believers, and do not sufl * r the rite to be made as insignificant as it can be, by interposing the absurd fiction of sponsors, to thrust them out of their place and make their faith of none effect.
The dreams, fictions, theories which men would substitute for it, soon die.
The original was a friend of the author's youth, who resembled the Antiquary in learning, wit and quaintness of expression; but excepting the scene with the owner of the stage-coach, nothing in the fiction bears any resemblance to the circumstances of the original.
Yes, ' said I, this, it is plain, is no fiction of the fancy. '	42:49	0:65	 Yes , ' said I , this , it is plain , is no fiction of the fancy . '
It demonstrated the fact that an immense amount of injury is perpetrated by the indiscriminate dissemination of works of pure fiction.
But in me, Howard, you behold the truth of your favourite's saying: Truth is strange, stranger than fiction. '
I wish him in the outset to understand and believe that the narrative of events is truth and verity, not fiction; for I, Paul Peril, am a man, not of straw, but of flesh and blood: and what I record I have seen, and of it bear a part.
Some think it necessary to administer truth in the disguise of fiction, in order to make it go down.
This realization can not be easily effected as with the insane, for the maniac feels the contradiction of his fictions with the world; he therefore, finding the world in his turns against it with the hope that by its destruction he may realize the purposes of his diseased will.
Few judicious persons would probably hesitate to pronounce such a character impossible in nature, and as much the fiction of a wild imagination, as the ogre with an elephant's head, in the Arabian Nights, or the beautiful sea-maid with a fish's tail; for whose ugly counterfeit, our thrifty townsman, Capt.
History is taught in stories, where fiction and reality are so blended, that the child's instinctive love of truth, and original perception of truth, (a faculty which neither phrenologists nor metaphysicians have yet had the good fortune to discover,) may be fairly exercised in sepa // rating what is true from what is false.
Their tradition in regard to the creation of the world, the deluge and the re-peopling of the earth, is a singular mixture of truth and fiction.
The editors of the works above alluded to, should boldly and indignantly have declared, that from their own experience in the natural economy of the insect, they were able to pronounce the circumstances as related by Huber to be directly impossible, and the whole of them based on fiction and imposition. "
If set forth only as a novel and pleasing fancy, it may be classed with other ingenious fictions, that are published without a thought of deception.
In a work of fiction, there should be probability enough to create an illusion, or truth enough to persuade the judgment to wink at the moinentary belief of the imagination in the real existence of the scenes and personages described.
These facts (let no one consider them fictions) should be well considered by
That haven of adventurers from many countries has seldom been presented to the world, either in verse or romantic story; yet scenes are daily passing in its courts, which outvie the inventions of fiction.
To objections like these, I might answer, in a frank and confidential way, my friend: Truth is stranger than Fiction.
All the fictions of the Middle Age explain themselves as a masked or frolic expression of that which in grave earnest the mind of that period toiled to achieve.
Hence, as the Grecian bard sang the praises of the immortals, the lively minds of that gifted race welcomed and repeated the beautiful fictions, which added new charms to their religion.
They appear to think of truth as synonimous with matters of fact, and of fiction as synonimous with falsehood.
found that passage in any American authority, then we take leave to say that his remark borders hard upon that species of fiction, which is not thought particularly becoming a man of veracity; and instead of being in any degree borrowed from American writers, is an ampli.. fication, neither very ingenious nor very neat, of a passage in an Edinburgh Review on the subject of our country.
The present work, therefore, instead of arraying in " fairy fiction
The bull was now up, bellowing in a tumultuous passion, galloping round and round in circles which were diminishing with every turn, getting his horns ready to toss the whole fiction of an ox, box, hide, horns, Plutarch Shaw and all, into the air. '
So true to life, they can hardly be called fictions.
To clothe moral and religious truths in an appropriate garb of fiction is not so simple a task as might seem from reading these graceful little tales, and observing the great numbers of books of the kind with which the press teems at Christmas and New-Year.
She had read a few volumes of poems, and one or two of Scott's novels, which had been her mother's, and these had opened to her vision the enchanted realm of song and fiction, through which she longed to wander.
So much Reality lies along our path -- Reality, vivid and appalling -- Re ality as palpable as is the corpse whose very touch chills you from the hand to the heart -- that we have no time and not much inclination for Fiction.
But there is one more form of architectural fiction, which is so constant in the great periods that it needs respectful judgment I mean the facing of brick with precious stone.
INTRODUCTION I conceive it to be a prominent fault of most of the tales of fiction that are written and
fact are grouped together, as if placed there by the poetic arrangement of fiction.
Fiction -- all pure fiction, Framed out of your own brain!
Though I still retain the fiction of the monkish author Agapida, I have brought my narrative more strictly within historical bounds, have corrected and enriched it in various parts with facts recently brought to light by
In like manner, we look upon the specimen before us as a conclusive argument, that the writers of works of fiction, of which the scene is laid in familiar and domestic life, have a rich and varied field before them in the United States.
The fear would be natural, for it must be admitted that in fiction there is " no more dangerous wild-fowl " than your Indian, not even " your lion. "
Shall we therefore set up a fiction of love to balance their fiction of malignity?
* The author has no better apology for interrupting the interest of a work of fiction by these desultory dialogues than that they have ref- erence to facts.
Thus, if we have no royal road to knowledge, we have, what is much more agreeable, a " primrose path, " strewed with the flowers of fiction, which leads not only to heaven, but to the summit of every
that she should now prefer fiction and folly to the healthful writings of wise men.
And she had read their works, particularly those of Scott, and of the other writers of fiction, and could readily sympathize with Flora in her appreciation of romantic characters.
But diversity of forms, fictions without number, were not all.
All intrinsic values are but fictions of the imagination, always imapalpable, vanishing as they are approached.
t The introduction of poetry into the school libraries should be placed under similar regulations with the introduction of fiction.
So many of the heroes of modern fiction are criminals of this precise grade, that to a mind imbued with the spirit of that literature every criminal seems like a hero, or is at least a most picturesque and interesting character.
and William Stanley in two points, which, if clearly proved, must convince the jury that identity was utterly impossible, a pure fiction, a gross deception.
The connection of the sovereign with legal proceedings has become one of those fictions, which mankind delight to uphold on account of their reverence for ancient forms.
His eulogies of the colonists on his return were so glowing, and his representations were so well confirmed by his companions, that the exertions of the Frenchmen were no longer able to stifle their curiosity to know more of their neighbors, especially as the report of their returned tribes-men effectually contradicted the monstrous fictions which had been invented to deter them.
And thus it is, that, in the hands of an artist, a fiction becomes the truest of realities, while, in the hands of a bungler, a fact becomes the emptiest of falsehoods.
, p. 423), " Even under the supposition that Wilhelm von Humboldt, in his now past generation, when writing ' on the Diversity of Languages and Peoples, ' may have speculated upon the possibility of reducing both into one original stock, it will remain equally certain that, in such an assumed conclusion, he was biassed by no dogmatical respect for MYTHS, FICTION, or PRETENDED TRADITION; and furthermore that, if he grounded his results on the ' Kawi Sprache, ' he inadvertently built upon a quicksand, as subsequent researches have established. '
Neither the noble fiction of the Stoics, that vice alone is an evil, and that grief is not one; nor the less elevated assertion /q/ of the ' UtiliiarianSt that our duty is always conformed to our interest, can sustain examination.
The evening isles of love and loveliness Slept in the soothing solitude, wherein The awful intellect of Rome sought peace In grey philosophy while faction poured Its hydra venom, or conspiracy Walked the thronged Forum, dooming, at a glance, The loftiest to extinction; here the bard Unfolded earth's and heaven's mysteries, Creating the world's creed and Fiction's brow Wreathing with the immortal buds of truth.
Abandoning this disagreeable region, Puffer relieved himself by the fiction of a room full of stout, rosy, comfortable-looking gentlemen, who groaned in spirit under a great burden of city charges, and whose constant saying it was, that they, figuratively only, were eaten up with taxes. "
Poetic fiction always paints the old man as a Christian; nor is there any period where the virtues of Christianity seem to find a more harmonious development.
So in Miss Martineau's Illustrations of Political Economy, the doctrine is put out of the way as the story advances, and afterwards attached to it as if by a wafer or a string; the reader removes the obstruction to his operation, and treats the work like any other fiction.
What was considered as the most pleasing of her stories, when taken simply as an ingenious fiction in prose, was meant to illustrate and enforce the revolting doctrine of Malthus about population.
- If a fiction is intended for our taste merely, or for out ' moral improvement too, it should certainly be consistent.
The substratum of every well-designed work of fiction is truth truth to natural and moral laws.
// A book entitled " Truth Stranger than Fiction, " which lies at our elhoxv among other books written by ladies, has in some measure influenced the direction of our remarks upon female privilege and authorship.
The author has evidently studied the history and spirit of the period diligently; and he has imbodied them in a tale of fiction with such success, as to produce an historical novel of a high order of excellence.
The opposition he had experienced to his efforts for introducing a simple and expeditious mode of civil practice, free alike from the prolixities of the Spanish and the // fictions of the English Jaw, though it was fortunately unsuccessful, rested in his remembrance, and probably deferred, though it never induced him to forego, this more important and laborious undertaking.
For, now, not only the moralist by profession, but the man of letters, - the small poet who wants a market for his unsaleable wares, - ay, and the peddling writer of fiction, whose cheap literature is likely to cost much to the rising generation, - have discovered that the tone of humanity suits the public taste; and, as the language is easily assumed, the demand will soon have
In this dilemma, I fully feel the weight of responsibility under which I stand; for there are truths of so little apparent probability as to appear fictitious, and fictions so like the truth that the ordinary observer is very apt to affirm that he was an eye-witness to their existence: two facts that all our historians would do well to bear in mind, since a knowledge of the circumstances might spare them the mortification of having testimony that cost a deal of trouble, discredited in the one case, and save a vast deal of painful and unnecessary labor, in the other.
They are no fiction, but comprise remarkable historical and domestic facts illustrative of human nature.
The book was a metaphysical essay, which he professed to find a lighter sort of reading than fiction; he said most novelists were too seriously employed in preventing the marriage of the lovers, up to a certain point, to be amusing; but you could always trust a metaphysician for entertainment if he was very much in earnest, and most metaphysicians were.
professions, that they afterwards learn, in some incidental way, from those who met the subject of the memoir in daily life, that he was cold and repulsive to his brethren; that the ardor of his devotion and the spirituality of his conversation and his written reflections, had much to do with an extraordinary nervous excitability, and that the mind, which seemed to rise and soar with an an gel's wing to the comprehension of things eternal and invisible, found its favorite arid constantly demanded stimulus, in tIie reading of extravagant and romantic fictions.
The descriptions which we can gather of the opening of a new world, and of the consequent changes of the old world, infinitely surpass the utmost stretch of fiction, in their details and issues.
They were nothing but idle fictions, got up by the sailors for the purpose of frightening us away, so as to oblige the captain, who was in want of more hands, to lie the longer in a pleasant harbour.
Still more then must it be impossible to distinguish that element, even if admitted as existing, from the fictions, with which it is mixed and blended.
Views and Reviews in American History, Literature, &; Fiction, by W. G. Simms.
Concerning the fictions, that were invented by the coidnial lawyers, to sanction or systematise these just and necessary inflections of its rules, to the uses and circumstances of the times and their own peculiar situation, according to their narrow notions and technical conceptions of the common law, they were, without doubt, sufficiently ingenious and absurd; but they only serve to show the fashion of juridical thinking at that day, and the vague fancy for something like codification, which possesses the spirit of some part of the profession, and from which our most barbarous old common lawyers were not entirely free.
But in narratives of fact of a personal nature, and in fictions of the same kind intended to be received as fact, the use of the first person in the narrator has been found most successful.
Fierce War, and faithful Love, And Truth severe by fairy Fiction dress'd.
Cooper s novels deserve such an elegant dress better than any other American fiction, because they alone are truly American in every sense. "
Thus, construction was heaped upon construction, evasion followed evasion, one fantastic fiction became the excuse of a fiction still more fantastic, amendment trod upon the heels of amendment, until the whole mass seemed like a vast pile of rubbish, or rather like some // of those ancient structures which are seen in Italy, with here a broA ken column, there a shattered portico, in the third place a crumbling roof, but the whole grotesquely stuck together with plaster and wood, to make a modern habitation.
He collected the ballads of the Spanish Cid, and formed of them a continued poem; he seized on ideas in the eastern as in the classic mythology, and wrought them into beautiful and instructive fictions; he se // 140 Jan. lected from the writings of men, whose minds had an influence on their age, the thoughts which characterised them, and thus gathered a magazine of practical wisdom.
This fiction exhibits the genius of Paganism: wherever we meet with it, we find there the characteristics of such a system - the deification of nature, considered as especially connected with each individual.
What is life without the charms of fiction, and without the leisure and recreations which these sacred imaginings tend to give to the great mass of those who have nothing but the labour of their hands to depend upon for their subsistence!
How happily must the brilliant drapery of fiction be wrapped around the severe beauty of moral instruction, when
It struck me, not on account of any peculiar novelty in the incidents or the catastrophe, but because it goes far to prove the fact, of which we are getting every day more and more convinced, that there is more of romance in real life than in fiction, as also that the fire of passion and the depth of affection can exist under the most adverse circumstances, and in the roughest and most uncultivated breasts.
lie rejected the narratives which attest the Divine character or the Divine mission of the Saviour, thinking them the fictions of ignorance and superstition.
If this were played upon a stage, now, I would condemn it as an improbable fiction. "
The infinite victim proves to be a frail man, and God's share in the sacrifice is a mere fiction? "
Table: 1Kb " Though a fiction of profound religious interest. "
The common impression seems to be, that fiction is the same with falsehood; so far from this, we apprehend that there is more truth in Scott's Old Mortality or Shakspeare's Richard III.
The Peruvian annals may be deemed to show somewhat of the effects of this union, since there is a tinge of the marvellous spread over them down to the very latest period, which, like a mist before the reader's eye, makes it difficult to distinguish between fact and fiction.
Were Italy really oppressed with that torpor which many suppose, scarce any thing could be better adapted to rouse her, than that exciting mixture of historic truth and high colored fiction, which acts so powerfully upon the warm blood of the south.
VIEWS &; REVIEWS OF AMERICAN HISTORY, LITERATURE &; FICTION.
Section In an attempt at mere fiction, I should scarcely have ventured upon the invention of a chain of circumstances so improbable as those which form the groundwork of the following sketch.
The weighty moral with which they are loaded, indeed, frequently presses heavily on the light vehicle of fiction, giving it a coarse business air; while the perpetual accommodation of the intrigue to the moral often produces an appearance of violence in the piece, that impairs its value as a work of art.
This is no fiction, but truth (though feebly set down) from life.
Some physiologists are of opinion, that all the oxygen that has disappeared, may be accounted for by the carbonic acid gas that is formed, while others believe that a portion has united with the blood.
To which the youth replied by thrusting his tongue into one cheek, closing one eye in an indescribable manner, and repeating, emphatically the monosyllable, " Gas! "
Besides these, there are also thrown out from volcanoes fragments of granite and other rocks, almost in an unaltered state; cinders and ashes; also sulphur and various salts and gases.
The generality of the houses, moreover, offer something attractive in the fine arts; and in returning home on an evening, the city, the bridges, and the Mill-dam are very well lighted, not indeed with gas, but with reflecting lamps, and none of hat disorderly conduct is observed in the // streets, which so often shocks the mind in the cities of England. '
If we interrupt the current of the gas, the pores of the platinum become instantaneously filled again with oxygen; and the same phenomenon can be repeated a second time, and so on interminably.
Our churches, our school rooms, our sleeping apartments, as things are now, are repositories of poison, where deleterious gases are carefully collected and retained as if they were laden with the costliest perfumes, and concealed among tIm cir partides the seeds of perennial youth and an immortal life.
Clear as crystal) sparkling with carbonic acid gas, and effervescing quite as much as champagne, it was nevertheless miserably cold; and the first morning, what with the gas, and what with the low temperature of this cold iron water, it was about as much I could do to swallow it; and, for a few seconds, feeling as if it had sluiced my stomach completely by surprise, I stood hardly knowing what was about to happen; when, instead of my teeth chattering as I expected, I felt the water suddenly grow warm within my waistcoat, and a slight intoxication, or rather exhilaration, succeeded
This renders it perfectly impermeable to fluids, and, in a great measure, even to gases.
In these cases, it is found necessary to admit the air heated to a proper temperature, without allowing it to come in contact with the fuel, and entirely separated from that which passes through the grate, that it may retain its full amount of oxygen up to the moment it mingles with the gases. "
In the course of these experiments, he became acquainted with nitrogen gas, or, as he calls it, // " phlogistic air, " which was discovered by him and Dr. Rutherford at the same time, without communication with each other.
In large towns, or such establishments as hotels, where coke is in demand, and where losses in stolen tallow or oil must be considered, together with the labour of snuffing candles and cleaning lamps, the higher price of gas is compensated.
The commonly admitted belief is, that they are produced by the expansive force of steam and gases, as we shall show hereafter.
Pure limes, - Chalk is a pure carbonate of lime, consisting of about 5 parts of lime combined with 4 of carbonic acid gas.
Bulk for bulk, therefore, sea water must contain a less volume of gas than fresh water.
Long wreaths of greens and paper roses, were suspended from the pillars of the hall, and the gas lights burned with a brilliancy which made every thing short of liquid rouge look pale.
The amount of air condensed by these forces upon a square inch of surface is certainly not measurable; but when a solid body, presenting several hundred square feet of surface within the space of a cubic inch, is brought into a limited volume of gas, we may understand why that volume is diminished, why all gases without exception are absorbed.
And here, writing in the very noon of gas and steam, I do deliberately say, after all my experience of cars and boats, that for a private party of the proper sort nothing is so delightful, so exhilarating, so truly bewitching to travel in, as twin-arks towed along by an almost endless raft.
We have likewise seen reason for supposing that land animals could not have lived before the carbonigenous era, owing to the great charge of carbonic acid gas presumed to have been contained in the atmosphere down to that time.
And now, when it was night, and two thousand jets of gas threw a blaze of light over the massive pile, which seemed suddenly transformed into a regal palace, where high colors and cheap revelry went hand in hand, the party
A chamber lighted with gas, the walls adorned with pictures -- Henry Clay and Andrew Jackson, framed side by side with the last Opera singer -- and in the centre, a supper table, strewn with the fragments of a luxurious feast, and with some dozen bottles of "
explosive gas, so much talked of, has, by the way, never yet been detected by the researches of science.
If he paused and seemed about to relapse into silence, Edith would draw a long breath, as if she had just been inhaling some exhilarating gas, and exclaim, -- " Oh!
That the gas, escaping from fermenting manure and leaves, will destroy the fohage, I have stated in my remarks on Mr. Roberts's plan.
Willy stepped into the vestibule, then faintly illuminated by a jet of gas kept constantly burning in the hall; and Dick sped up-stairs to the chambers occupied by the Senator and his daughter.
The odor of the gas sickens me,  I answered, evading the question; " if you are
They are drawn to a small scale, embracing the whole area of the site, and on them are marked the existing boundary walls, sewers, gas and water mains, and all the new walls, drains, and water-pipes, and their proposed connection with the existing ones, so that the builder may see at a glance the extent of his operations. '
But the oxygen, contained in the carbonic acid gas, does not account for all the oxygen that is lost.
A small gas apparatus, the expense of which would be trifling, could be fitted up, and with the refuse stuff from the kitchens of an oily or greasy nature, the entire Edifice its public halls and saloons, as well as its private apartments could be brilliantly lighted.
I did not want to show my ignorance, so I made no further objections, but followed Mr. Worhoss down a steep pair of stone steps into a cellar, which was brilliantly lighted up with gas lights, and we took our seats in a little box just big enough to hold two persons.
I don't think I turned the gas down in the parlor!
This property of absorbing gases varies with different kinds of charcoal: it is possessed in a higher degree by those containing the most pores, i.e. where the pores are finer; and in a lower degree in the more spongy kinds, i.e. where the pores are larger.
If we force a fluid or a gas to become suddenly solid, leaving no time for its particles to arrange themselves, and cohere in that direction in which the cohesive attraction is strongest, no crystals will be formed, but the resulting solid will have a different colour, a different degree of hardness and cohesion, and will refract light differently; in one word, will be amorphous.
But it is not alone by their direct action, that they affect plants injuriously; the putrid gases which they give out, are destructive to the young stems and foliage of plants, in proportion to their strength; such gases are, up to a certain point, absolute poisons, although, below that point, they are nutritious.
Besides these, he discovered the gases of muriatic, sulphuric, and fluoric acids, ammoniacal gas, and nitrous oxide
Some gases are absorbed and condensed within the pores of the charcoal, into a space several hundred times smaller than they before occupied; and there is now no doubt they there become fluid, or assume a solid state.
How did they attempt to prepare some of this gas?
The lemonade and the punch obey orders -- the gas burns bright, and smells not.
He died gloriously while inhaling gas -- levique flatu corrupitur, like the fama pudicitae in Hieronymus.
If a battery is charged with nitrosulphuric acid, the hydrogen evolved is no longer the equivalent of the zinc expended; in point of fact, the gas evolved is no longer hydrogen, but a mixture of hydrogen and the binoxide of nitrogen, as is proved by its burning with a green flame.
-- I shall here refer to but a single experiment in which I employed chlorine gas for coating the plate
by a gas lighter than air, the whole.
I have never noticed any effect produced upon the foliage of tree or herb from the odor or gas arising therefrom.
the mere effect of mass, -- the force of gravity, -- gaseous molecules are attracted by solids and adhere to their surfaces; and when to this physical force is added the feeblest chemical affinity, the liquifiable gases can not retain their gaseous state.
Yet, upon an increase of temperature, the glaciers of the Alps, and the icy pinnacles of the Arctic circles, disappear; and, by a degree of heat still higher, would be resolved into vapor; and by other agencies still, might be separated into two invisible gases, oxygen and hydrogen.
The single jet of gas which illuminated the centre of the room, paled before the flood of moonbeams that came in at the extremity.
The power by which liquids hold gaseous substances in solution is diminished by heat, and as soon as a liquid boils all extraneous gas is carried away, because, under those circumstances, the vapour which is generated by the heat, passing in bubbles through the mass of the liquid, exposes itself to the contained extraneous gas, which diffuses rapidly into it, and escapes away when the bubbles burst on the top.
Again, if ammoniacal gas is reduced by a compressing force to one-sixth of its volume, or carbonic acid is reduced to one thirty-sixth, a portion of them loses entirely the form of a gas, and becomes a liquid, which, when the pressure is withdrawn, assumes again in an instant its gaseous state -- another deviation from the law of Marriotte.
It was proved tbtf the apparatus would not succeed in making gas from oil; and it was argued, that there was nothing to prevent a person who saw this specification from considering that oil gas was meant to be included in it.
Besides these, he discovered the gases of muriatic, sulphuric, and fluoric acids, ammoniacal gas, and nitrous oxide
The results which we observe are perfectly consistent with, and may be said to presuppose an atmosphere highly charged with this gas, from about the close of the primary non-fossiliferous
I determined by weighing the zinc plate how much was expended in evolving a given quantity of gas; and then successively adding sulphuric acid until the total amount had reached eight drachms, it appeared that in each instance it required very nearly 1-79 grains of metal; but on adding one drachm of nitric acid to the mixture, the quantity expended rose at once to 2 ' 25 grains, and on adding a second, to 3-00 grains.
In the air-bubbles which form and finally escape, we find not pure oxygen, as is generally supposed, but a mixture of oxygen and nitrogen gases.
There can be little doubt that the infusion of a large dose of this gas into the atmosphere at the present day would be attended by precisely the same circumstances as in the time of the carboniferous formation.
Moselle exploded because her boilers were empty, from the effect of gas generated upon the sudden admission of water, on the starting of her forcing-pump. "
When a state of equilibrium, therefore, has been attained, it will be discovered that the pure water has become contaminated by the presence of these different gases, and that they exist in it to an amount represented
It was demonstrated, that the density of the comet's nucleus was far less than that of our rarest gas; and the harmless passage of a similar visitor among the satellites of Jupiter was a point strongly insisted upon, and which served greatly to allay terror.
I have proved by experiments published in 1797, that the shining of wood is extinguished in hydrogen gas, and in pure azotic gas, and that its light reappears whenever we mix
It was supposed to be unfathomable; the bubbles on its surface, the consequence of the escape of carbonic acid gas, were regarded as the ebullitions of boiling water, and thus it was believed that the sea boiled in the lowest depths, and forced up islands.
Porphyry, with basis of pitch-stone, is whitened externally by the slow action of the vapours of sulphurous acid gas.
On further examination he found a basket, the remains of food, three or four empty bottles and drinking-cups, one or two full bottles, and a phial containing a small quantity of dark-colored liquid, with the qualities of which he did not think it prudent to make himself acquainted by experiment upon his own person; not possessing a particle of the philosophical courage and zeal of Sir Humphrey Davy, who gulped down poisonous gases till it became a matter of astonishment and mystery to his friends, as well as
The odour of the coal tar of gas works is exceedingly offensive to some insects injurious to fruits, and it has been found to drive away the wire worm, and other
Il can only red by rope ladders; and it is supposed, though I think without sutlicient reason, to be charged with mephitic gases, fatal ta life.
Fear faded away in the dazzling brilliancy of that smiling multitude, and my soul floated about in its delicious element of triumphant hope, with a sensation such as arises after a good dose of exhilarating gas. "
The painter and paperhanger had been employed; a furnace diffused its warmth throughout the house, and gas illuminated the halls and parlors.
The second floor contains workingrooms for the boys, dormitories, rooms for the sick, and offices, matrons ' apartments, &c.; The whole house is lighted by gas, and is supplied with water from the city works, two most important conveniences, which I found highly appreciated by those who had previously been without them.
a man to the skies, as surely as gas does a balloon, unless he is well provided with ballast.
The rays of an argand lamp, properly situated, were made to pass through it; they therefore went through a depth of the compound gases of 2-6 inches.
General Benthornham had, in the meantime, taken a seat where the bright glare of the gas shone full upon his face, and as the major proceeded with his narrative, would every now and then interpose an approving, " See that now! "
While the fountains from beneath come bubbling up with all their sparkling carbonic gases, and tingling chalyheate freshness.
Requiring little oxygen, they could have existed in an atmosphere containing a less proportion of that gas to carbonic acid gas than what now obtains.
-- Her remarks were copiously interspersed with oaths, which, out of respect for the reader's feelings and our own credit, we omit: -- " Well, gals and fellers, being as how my Mike here has been a blowin ' off his gas, I might as well blow mine.
And those atoms of carbon are removed because their life is over, and they pass, by the action of the lungs, into the atmosphere as carbonic acid gas.
Where is Tom Paine and his gas now, I should like to
The continuance of their growth depends on a continued supply of the acid gas in due quantities.
The old walls, ceilings, fireplaces, and furniture were tolerated without a depreciating comment, after it was ascertained that the earl and the countess were frequent visitors; and that Mrs. Laurel had substituted wax candles in her parlors, for jets of gas.
to an inadequate amount of fresh air, and also furnished no stinted supply of smoke or gas.
Analysis of Gas on the Exterior and in the Interior of the Soap Bubble.
We entered by an avenue of poplars and other trees and shrubs, so illuminated by jets of gas sprinkled amongst the foliage as to give it the effect of enchantment.
This is illustrated in the case of a patent for ' an apparatus for extracting inflammable gas by heat, from pit-; oal, tar, or any other svbstance, bom which gas or gasses, capable of being employed for illumination, can be extracted by heat. "
When we had ascertained the fact of gases becoming fluid under the influence of cold or pressure, a curious property possessed by charcoal, that of absorbing gas to the extent of many times its volume,
And in his hands this gas was effectual, and sulphuric ether and chloroform were, so to speak, but modifications of his original principle.
The gas lights shed but a dim lustre through the thick drops that were flowing down the glass sides, that protected them from extinction.
world-consist to a great extent of a sort of cavernous limestone, which through the presence perhaps of elastic gases pent up within the sub stance of the rock at the time of its formation, or through the action of water flowing for ages through the secret fissures of the strata after the mass was formed, is perforated in many parts with openings and chambers, which, when the entrances to them communicate with the open air, form dens and caves, that become the haunts of wild beasts, and, in some states of society, the cial ends in view-sometimes in the openings of the valleys which communicated with the interior of the country, and sometimes on the shores of the sea.
A certain space of time, amounting in this instance to 270 seconds, being now accomplished, contraction, from union of the gases, begins.
It is in virtue of its capillary diffusion through atmospheric air that carbonic acid gas is brought in contact with the leaves; and when there reduced, it is
A pint of oil when burned produces a pint and a quarter of water; a pound of gas, more than two and a half pounds of water.
The plan which he has followed, according to the Preface, has been, - " First, to describe the laws and properties of gases generally; especially the law of their diffusion, so important in its influence upon ventilation. "
125, the amount of contraction representing the quantities of gases that have united being laid off on the axis of abscissas, the
On these flocks, whenever the sun is shining, bubbles of gas may be seen, which, if collected, prove to be a mixture of oxygen and nitrogen, the proportion of the two being
According to the theory of the Professors Rogers, the wavelike fiexures, above alluded to, are explained by supposing the strata, when in a plastic state, to have rested on a widely-extended surface of fluid lava, and elastic vapors and gases.
I could have borne the faintness and oppression caused by the odor of the gas better than that dark, unshrinking glance.
Since the above paragraph was penned, the huge swinging lamps have been superseded by gas lights, which now brilliantly illuminate all the principal streets of the city.
Although considerable ingenuity was displayed in the plan of expanding the Parachute by the sudden discharge of gas from the balloon; still the very fact of a woman being exposed to such danger by her husband, will, we trust, hereafter prevent Englishmen from countenancing such an exhibition by their presence.
if cold, about twice its bulk of chlorine gas, acquiring its color and characteristic properties.
A specification of an improved gas apparatus did not give any directions respecting a condenser.
On the application of the heat from a spirit lamp to the bottom of the flask, a current of chlorine gas will be disengaged, and pass into the bromine, when it readily combines, and gives off a vapor, which, when condensed in the third vessel, forms a volatile yellowish-red liquid.
I have proved by experiments published in 1797, that the shining of wood is extinguished in hydrogen gas, and in pure azotic gas, and that its light reappears whenever we mix
This may be remedied as far as possible by the insertion of plenty of waste pieces of platinum -- if platinized, so much the better, as that facilitates the escape of the gas.
/q/ qwq and that oil was not meant to be included in iiy it being proved that, at the time in question, oil was considered much too expensive too be used for the making of gas
The manufacture of gas for lighting, from coal, resin, and oils, stands with us on the same barren ground.
A maiden plant (a tree but one year from the graft,) being planted " is to be headed down to four buds or eyes
When the operation is performed close to the ground, or even under the surface; after the graft is properly tied draw up earth all round, leaving one or two buds above; this method is both convenient, and in many instances preferable, and more to be depended upon.
Fine mould or peat, from the box in which the roots were packed, is sprinkled over the bottom, the grafts are placed in, slanting, in successive layers, and all the spaces filled with mould or peat.
For the same reason, root-grafting the pear is not adopted, especially as slightly unfavorable causes are apt to produce far greater failures of such grafts than with the apple.
In the following spring, the grafted trees may be looked over, and any young suckers growing from the stock or tree that may be liable to injure and retard the growth of the graft, may be taken off.
Grafts often bear some fine clusters the first season of growth, and pretty considerably the second. "
In all cases success is more certain, when the wax is closely pressed so as to fit closely to every part, and leave no interstices; and it is indispensible that every por tion of the wound on the stock and graft be totally excluded from the external air.
Mr. STOMS asks: ' Why graft on the quince stock at all? '	24:29	0:59	 Mr. STOMS asks : ' Why graft on the quince stock at all ? '
Grown on this, the size is vastly increased, the flavor and texture improved, and the low structure prevents these great fruits from being blown off, while the bud unites with the quince-stock with so great firmness, that few trees of this variety ever fracture at the graft, and all seem to grow with as much vigor as on the pear stock.
The great length of that portion of the graft in contact with the bark and fresh wood, greatly facilitates their union; while the cut face of the stock is speedily covered with a new growth by that part of the graft which rests upon it.
Where it becomes desirable to preserve rare sorts, which have been grafted late in spring, a loose wrapper of white paper round the graft will protect it from the drying and scorching rays of the sun; or shrivelling and failure will often be prevented by covering the whole graft with a wax plaster; or by encasing it in moss kept damp by occasional applications of water.
It is not usual with many, either to tie, or clay the grafts in this case, as the wound is placed below the surface; but when this plan is adopted, the grafts must be set * In grafting large quantities of young trees when stocks are scarce, it is not an unusual practice in some nurseries to tongue or whip-graft upon small pieces of roots of the proper sort of tree, planting the same in the earth as soon as grafted.
The extension of the wood of the stock, by successive depositions from the leaves of the graft, and through the cellular system of the bark, so as to preserve the strict specific identity of the wood of the former, is familiar to every practical cultivator.
The pricking thorns, -- the arrows fierce, Our spirit and our flesh to pierce, -- The grafts, that spoil our vineyard's fruit, Are from that bitter, evil root.
If, " says De Candolle, " the descending sap has only an incomplete analogy with the wants of the stock, the latter does not thrive, though the organic union may have taken place; and if the analogy between the alburnum of stock and scion is wanting, the organic union does not operate; the scion can not absorb the sap of the stock and the graft fails. "
The graft, thus placed, receives a /z/ large supply of the sustaining fluid from the stock, and the union is rapid; while the wound on the stock is speedily covered by a new layer of bark from that part of the scion which svanda astride it.
The influence of the graft on the stock seems scarcely to extend beyond the power of communicating disease.
When the graft is united and begins to make a growth, the bandage
The gourmand may be used, for ingrafting upon the trunk, at G, but when not used as a graft, it should be cut at F, in order to conceal the trunk with foliage.
Supposing the tree to be two or three years old from the graft or bud, a head must be formed at the intended height by heading it down in the spring to two or three buds or eyes in each shoot that is near the crown when the young shoots begin to grow; they may be /z/ taken off to three or four in number of the strongest and healthiest, as they are intended to form the tree.
But if the graft be on stocks not dug up, or stands where it is to remain, it must be done in the fall, or early part of winter, to insure success.
Having made the cleft, open it by driving down the centre a narrow wedge of iron far enough to open the sides sufficient to receive the grafts, which are prepared by cutting them in lengths about six and eight inches long cutting the bottom ends downwards, on each side, in the form of a wedge, and so that it fits neatly in the cleft, into which it is to be gently pressed downwards, being careful that the barks of the graft and the stock precisely meet.
Most gardeners abroad, when they select trees with more than usual care, take what are called maiden plants those one year old from the graft, and there can be no doubt that, taking into account health, duration, and the ease with which such a tree can be made to grow into any form, this is truly the preferable size for removal into a fruit garden.
Place the part of the shoot to the stock, then with a sharp knife pare off part of the branch and stock so as to make a neat splice in precisely the same manner as the whip-graft; the part united is then to be bandaged and covered as the graft, and in every way managed in the same manner.
But, whilst grafting never effects any alteration in Jie identity of the variety or species of fruit, still it is not to be denied that the stock does exert certain influences over the habits of the graft.
The effect of this difference of structure is very apparent, when the Peach is grafted on the Plum, in the greater size of the trunk above, as compared with that below the graft; a fact which seems to arise from the obstruction which the descending sap of the graft finds in its course through the bark of the stock.
19 shows a stock cut off for cleft-grafting with the upright cleft separated by an iron or steel wedge, ready for the graft; fig.
The grafts will have taken when they begin to grow freely; the bandages may then be unloosed and tied over again, to allow for the swelling of the wood.
/z/ Grafts which have become dry, may be restored if the moisture is applied so gradually that its absorption may re quire several weeks.
The stock thus supplies the sap, as the soil does in the case of a cutting; and the graft, instead of making roots of its own, extends its forming wood downwards, at the inner surface of the bark, into the stock itself.
In adapting the graft to the soil the stock has a marked influence.
For gardens, all experienced cultivators agree that a smaller size is preferable; we prefer plants two years old from the graft.
During the whole of the work, each heap of grafts must be kept with a label, and every box sufficiently marked, to prevent all possibility of mistake.
And, as the grafts gradually extend by growth, the remainder of the top may, by successive excisions, be entirely removed.
/z/ This fact has tended to confirm horticulturists in the belief in the necesity of an adaptation of the graft to the stock.
After a graft is inserted, and as soon as the tree commences growth, the buds on the stock must be rubbed off, in order to throw the rising sap into the scion.
That a further change is at the same time effected by increasing or lessening the supply of sap from the stock to the graft; and that a similar change may result from a fertile or sterile soil.
The most perfect way to fit the graft, is to make a long sloping cut from the outer edge or bark, by drawing the blade from heel to point, till it reaches the centre of the graft; and then another similar cut completes the acue cavity for fitting the wedge of the stock.
The want of entire similarity of structure between the stock and graft, confines the growth of the latter, and changes it, in the case of the Pear, from a lofty tree to a shrub of eight or ten feet in height.
The mould should reach within an inch or two of the tops of the grafts, and should be compactly filled among them.
/z/ In the case, however, of very small trees or stocks, which are grafted below the surface of the ground, as is frequently the practice with the Apple in American nurseries, the stocks are grafted in the house in winter, or early spring, put away carefully in a damp cellar, and planted out in the spring; but this method is only successful when the root is small, and when the top of the stock is taken off, and the whole root is devoted to supplying the graft with nourishment.
I like this method better than any I have ever tried for grafting large trees, as it gives the grafts a good opportunity to get well started.
Another perpendicular stroke slits the stock for the graft, leaving a perfectly smooth face cut for its reception.
It sometimes happens that grafts of a few varieties inserted at standard height, grow and bear for a series of years.
In addition to the foregoing, a diseased stock should always be avoided, as it will communicate disease slowly to the graft, unless the latter is a variety of sufficient vigour to renew the health of the stock, which is but seldom the case.
* The influence exerted by the graft on the stock, although not strictly within the limits of thi chapter, offers an interesting subject for inquiry.
; I consider this tree now worth $100; the cost of grafting it was about $5; and the latter was all repaid two years ago the first season the grafts bore fruit. "
This is a part of nursery business generally too much neglected; for in many instances inoculated and grafted trees are neglected by allowing young wood to grow from the stock under and over the graft or bud, and the consequence is that the buds or grafts are impoverished by being deprived of the sap which should flow into them from the stock.
sap thus drawn up, passes only into and is elaborated by those leaves, and is again immediately returned to the stock below, without ever reaching the graft.
Cutting off and grafting the top first, gives the grafts there the best possible chance, while the necessary reduction of the top throws the sap into the remaining side branches, which fits them well for
The ancients boasted of Vines and Apples grafted on Poplars and Elms; but repeated experiments, by the most skilful cultivators of modern times, have clearly proved that although we may, once in a thousand trials * succeed in effecting these ill assorted unions, yet the graft invariably dies after a few months growth.
There are many other kinds of composition made for the purpose of covering grafts, of which beeswax /q/ is the principal; in some instances it is the onlything used, as on small orange trees and those plants that are cleft-grafted, and united in a moist heat.
The wedge b opens the stock to receive the graft.
/z/ These facts show that a bud, com- Fi s- 18 -* posed, as it is, only of bark, and of alburnum or half-formed wood, presenting a great surface of fresh material, will form a more rapid and complete union with the stock than an ordinary graft.
Similarity in growth and color of wood, and in style and color of leaf, between stock and graft, is important /z/ in attaining perfection, but impracticable on a large scale.
25. grafting, as large corresponding surfaces are made to fit, and the graft receives freely the ascending sap.
The cleft part is now to be covered in such a manner that neither sun nor air can have access to the parts of the graft and stock to prevent their speedily uniting.
Root-grafting is performed by taking up the stocks by the roots, and inserting the grafts immediately into the part below ground after the tops are cut off, after which they are again planted out, with the tip of the graft only above ground.
About the middle of July, after a rainy day, you may remove the ball of clay, and, if the graft is /z/ securely united, also the bandage; and the angle left at the top of the stock, a, should now
A graft taken from a tree enfeebled by disease, will recover with difficulty, even if grafted on healthy stocks for a dozen times in repeated succession.
The second, which is spread while warm on strips of coarse cotton, or strong paper, and wrapped directly about the graft, answering at once to tie and to protect it, is composed of equal parts of bees-wax, turpentine, and resin.
Having made the cleft, open it by driving down the centre a narrow wedge of iron far enough to open the sides sufficient to receive the grafts, which are prepared by cutting them in lengths about six and eight inches long cutting the bottom ends downwards, on each side, in the form of a wedge, and so that it fits neatly in the cleft, into which it is to be gently pressed downwards, being careful that the barks of the graft and the stock precisely meet.
Indeed, it is a mooted question whether grafts should be taken at all from such a source; but I see no reason for going to this extreme.
By this mode, it will be seen that when the grafts are put in on the side branches, they are not shaded by the heavy shoots above them, and they have an unusual supply of nourishment to carrry them forward.
And, fourthly, that the wounded parts made by the operation, be effectually excluded from the external air, chiefly to retain a due quantity of moisture in the graft, but also to exclude the wet, until, by the growth of the graft, the union is effected.
A graft or bud of the finer varieties, of the greatest luxuriance of foliage, may not exhibit a single symptom of this disease, while the leaves of the stock will be entirely blackened.
off to prevent it from cutting the graft, which in many cases, is the cause of its being blown from the trees in stormy seasons, as the bark and wood is often in this case cut nearly half asunder by the bandage.
But this can only be true with very small trees or seedlings, which quickly reproduce a multitude of small roots, after the top is removed for the insertion of a graft; or where the fibres of larger trees have been killed by exposure after removal, and which are followed by a necessary lopping of the branches.
The wax may be directly applied when just warm enough to run, by means of a brush; or il may be spread thickly with a brush over sheets of muslin, 01 thin, tough paper, (" post-office paper " is best,) which are afterwards, during a cold day, cut up into plasters of convenient size for applying; or, the wax, after cold, may be worked up, with wet hands, and drawn out into thin strips 01 ribbons of wax, and wrapped closely around the inserted graft.
54,) are useful for cutting grafts on tall trees; in removing the eggs of caterpillars, (see chapter on the apple;) and in taking off fine fruit
The graft is prepared by cutting it in a sloping manner in a reverse position, so that when placed on the cut of the stock it forms a neat splice.
becomes apparent, people have to fear nothing more wicked than their own evil minds, the place hath been less regarded, as the other portions of the island are more closely settled; but in the days of the pirate Kid, the sole representative of the famous town of Harlaem in the new world, consisted of one broad long roofed cottage, which indeed, in the consequence of its owner, might have vied with its rival in den bosch, ' -- for suiting to its lofty pretensions, though the building was of one story, and the eaves almost kissed the ground, yet the gable ends soared steeply up like a pyramid, and were both ornamented by points or stairs, in the true style of the Keysar Graft, the Harring Vliet, and the Bompies; from the centre of the mansion arose a sort of structure that appeared like a pigeon house, containing one huge long door, used for the reception of goods, and although at the top of the edifice, was the place
Fig 3 This lateral motion explains the reason why a graft set in the longitudinal cleft of a stock, receives the sap from the split surfaces of the cleft, and succeeds as well as when cross-sections of both are brought into contact.
I have never seen evidence sufficient to convince me that the continual cultivation of a crab pear would ever alter its characteristics in the individual tree or its grafts.
ip the stock downwards; these two tongues are united into the stock and the graft by pressing the latter downwards into the former; when the union is effected the outer bark of the graft and stock will precisely meet, and the splice in every way exactly fits; this indeed is the grand art in performing the operation.
But the operation is never successful unless the graft and stock are nearly allied, and the greater the affinity the more certain the success. "
When the old trees already mentioned (which have doubtless been raised from seed) begin to blossom, plants reared from them by cuttings or grafts, will, of course, produce blossoms and fruit much more speedily than when reared from
The graft should be in a less advanced condition than the stock, as during the process of adhesion, evaporation from the bark goes on rapidly when the sap in the graft is active, and death ensues, because the supply can not be maintained.
Children should be early taught that when they set out a fine tree, or insert a graft, they are doing a favour to posterity, and beginning that which shall continue to make others happy when they are in their graves.
Milton was a Saint-Germain with a graft of the roseate Early-Catherine.
The most important of these are dwarfing, inducing fruitfulness, and adapting the graft to the soil or climate.
Hence the importance, to nurserymen especially of securing healthy grafts, and working only upon healthy stocks.
disposition, and is somewhat forgetful of qwq cealed a great deal of truth: " The setter is a product of art, as much as the Queen Claude Ilium or double rose; he is a dumb dog, grafted on the running dog, and which returns to the wild stock, like the double rose, when the graft fails to take effect. "
Wherever there is an old pear tree, bearing those miserable representations of that fruit, that we see in most of our country towns, a few grafts of fine varieties put into its top, will in two or three years bear such specimens as can not be excelled for beauty and flavor.
Grafts taken - from the upright shoots near the top of the tree are apt to make a vigorous and upright growth, but are more tardy in bearing.
They are also frequently cultivated for stocks, whereon to bud other roses of more rare character, which purpose they will answer very well; though a plant thus formed renders its durability uncertain, being very liable to sucker, or throw out shoots from the ground, thereby taking away nourishment from the part of the plant which /z/ most requires it; of course, all suckers or shoots below the bud or graft must be displaced.
Many of them have another feature of obstinacy, and this is, that in rooting by layers, they nearly all, take two years to form rootlets; we have, in consequence, either to graft or bud them on other roses at any desired height
then, as entering the room from one door, while the girl peeped shyly in from the other, " Come hither -- hither, my flowering graft of a thorny crab; come hither, my peeping fawn, and learn news of the kind old forester who has always played the godfather to you.
Whenever it has not, when there has been an indulgence in fine writing merely, the graft, however ornamental, betrays itself.
23, a; the graft is split in the middle, and each side thinned away with the knife, as in fig.
The first year's growth from the graft or bud, is headed down to within about six good buds of its base; these buds, as a consequence, grow vigorously.
The thinner division of the graft is fitted to the opposite sloping side of the stock.
warmth of the season, begin to elaborate and send down woody matter, which, passing through the newly granulated substance of the parts in contact, unites the graft firmly with the stock. "
When the graft is set, it is to be bound with bass-string, beginning at the bottom and winding it upwards in a gradual manner, When the graft is bandaged, it is to be covered with clay or other composition in the same manner as directed for the cleft-graft.
Thirdly, that the line of division between the inner bark and the wood, should coincide or exactly correspond in each; for if the inner bark of the one sets wholly on the wood of the other, the upward current through the wood and back through the bark, is broken, and the graft can not flourish nor grow.
But the graft, being below the surface of the soil, rooted in it, independently of the fig stock. "
more trouble and attention is required in the grafting process, to pull off sprouts from the old stock, as they spring forth to rob the graft, than in the process itself; and this is far more the case in grafting to stocks standing in their original place, than in those procured from the woods.
Where it becomes desirable to preserve rare sorts, which have been grafted late in spring, a loose wrapper of white paper round the graft will protect it from the drying and scorching rays of the sun; or shrivelling and failure will often be prevented by covering the whole graft with a wax plaster; or by encasing it in moss kept damp by occasional applications of water.
Hence there are two chief requisites for success: the first, that the graft be so set in the stock, that the sap may flow upward without interruption; and the second, that the forming wood /z/ may flow downward uninterruptedly through the inner bark.
It would be more nearly correct to say, that the, duration of a variety is limited more or less by that of its original, and that any inherent disease in it will be continued, in all its buds and grafts, although the superior vitality of the stock may mitigate its virulence, or protract its dormant period.
The Lord hath borne it in upon our hearts, that we shall purge the field -- that we shall purify the threshing-floor, setting apart the good grain from the sinful weeds -- that so we may not die, but live! "
one channel or another, into the hands of the people.33 These magazines were found by the Spaniards, on their arrival, stored with all the various products and manufactures of the country, -- with maize, coca, quinua, woolen and cotton stuffs of the finest quality, with vases and utensils of gold, silver, and copper, in short, with every article of luxury or use within the compass of Peruvian skill.34 The magazines of grain, in particular, would frequently have sufficed for the consumption of the adjoining district for several years.35 An inventory of the various products of the country, and the quarters whence they were obtained, was every year taken by the royal officers, and recorded by the quipucamayus on their registers, with surprising regularity and precision.
Her export of cereal grains, chiefly oats, and of other edible products of the soil, steadily increased, from less than eight millions of bushels in 1817, to twenty eight millions of bushels in 1838.
In the early summer morning he would be loitering around the stage-office to get a glimpse of the passengers who had lodged for the night; perhaps to snatch up a grain of news.
Her uncle's attempt to extract a grain or two of knowledge about the crops proved vain, as there was but one topic upon which they seemed inclined to enlarge, and this was the miracles of the patron Saint of their
Perhaps, now, you won't believe that I could have put more value on a little piece of paper, no bigger than the palm of your hand, than all these solid acres of grain, grass, and pasture-land would sell for? "
But Mrs. Martin's was not a mind to quail; she had not spoken hastily, nor without thought, when she had so solemnly promised her dying friend; she saw the difficulties of her situation, but should she desert the helpless orphans in their sore need, -- should she let them be cast forth to the cold mercy of the world, while a grain of meal was in her barrel, or a drop of oil in her cruse?
Howsomever, I'll do the very best I can in gettin ' Tom a good berth; as to my treatin ' on him bad, you needn't be a grain afeard.
The double strips of silvery sand unite Above, below, each grain distinct and bright.
The point of distinction in all this class of names, as courtesy, chivalry, fashion, and the like, is that the flower and fruit, not the grain of the tree, are contemplated.
Remember, my child, it was in our very infancy; we had neither mills, nor grain, nor roads, nor often clearings; we had nothing of increase but the mouths that were to be fed: for even at that inauspicious moment the restless spirit of emigration was not idle; nay, the general scarcity which extended to the East tended to increase the number of adventurers.
necessary mineral elements of the soil are present in a suitable state, and to which no carbonaceous matter whatever is furnished in manures, an amount of carbon, in the shape of wood and hay, quite equal, and oftimes more than is produced by our fields, in grain, roots, and straw, upon which abundance of manure has been heaped.
The Neapolitan lives upon everything which is eatable; grains of maize, chestnuts, pompion seeds, gourds, and melons, with a few suffice to appease his hunger, and with this slender food he becomes stout and fat, although he never attains any considerable height.
All the Grains grow luxuriantly throughout Italy, though Indian Corn is so thickly planted and so viciously cultivated that it has no chance to ear or fill well.
in /z/ The vegetable kingdom is in the highest degree rich and varied, many of the trees are amongst the most ornamental and useful, the fruits are rich and in great profusion, the plants and flowering shrubs exceedingly diversified and beautiful, and almost all the various species of grain necessary to sustain life are cultivated and afford abundant crops.
In such a case you must keep your eyes on the animal when loading, and should the passage of the powder-flask be stopped by a lump, you may fancy the gun is loaded when in fact not a grain of powder has entered it.
I was at the last weighing; two hundred and forty-five, and the stillyard on a perfect level -- not a grain more.
, or 264 grains, then 216 grains, is now required to contain 168 grains; so that a pound avoirdupois is coined into 41f cents.
These establishments would also take off the surplus of the agricultural population, and the price of grain would not be unduly depressed by the excessive number of those engaged in its production.
Thou canst not tell where one drop of water or one grain of sand will be to-morrow noon; and yet with thy impotence thou insultest the sun!
Not a penny is received or expended, without a memorial; not an ounce of sugar, not a grain of coffee is imported, but the history is preserved of the harbour where it was freighted, of the ship in which it sailed, of the port where it came to hand; and should a millionaire who has kept his files of papers amuse himself with considering the sources of his wealth, he might trace it back to its feeblest springs; might know what sums he had derived from lending, and what from profits in exchanges; might follow his operations not merely into the bank or the counting-house, but to those primary elements of increase, the workshop and the field.
The old body in which he had disguised himself was well-nigh shaken in pieces, for he had, as Monedowa expected, swallowed a grain of the birch-bud, and this, which relished to himself as being of the bird nature, greatly distressed the old manito, who partook of the character of an animal, or four-footed thing.
With respect to chloride of platinum, 4 grains must be dissolved in 3 quarts of distilled water; these two solutions are mixed in equal quantities.
A thrill, like a thrill of joy, Ran through the fields of grain; And they bowed their heads beneath The blessing of the rain!
Then the farmer should be well acquainted with the mode of growth, and the diseases, of the different kinds of vegetables, grains and fruits which he cultivates.
@@525090 txt " Paradoxical as it may appear, I think Great Britain the largest grain-exporting country in the world, although it is impossible to calculate accurately what quantity of grain, and other farming productions, is consumed in preparing fifty millions of exports by which she so greatly benefits.
You must take care of yourself, Doctor, " said the patient; " I do so, " he replied, " I took forty grains of calomel yesterday, and I feel better than I did. "
is there was no door now; the only other room I could perceive in the upper part of the house, was a sort of a granary filled with bins to hold different kinds of grain. "
What though the summer's genial warmth shall bless the ripening grain, And bounteous harvest-fields repay the labors of the swain, Still must her proud, free farmers think upon the debt they bear, And wheresoe'er their duties
There, when that hour of mellow light was come, And mountain shadows cooled the ripened grain, I watched the weary yeoman plodding home In the lone path that winds across the plain, To rest his limbs, and watch his child at play, And tell him o'er the labors of the day.
The holes should be in the direction of the grain of the wood.
The gold is in minute grains, and generally distributed loosely amongst the quartz
The portion which has been brought under cultivation is but miserably cultivated, and parts are devoted to the worst of purposes; here we see regions exhausted in the production of noxious plants, like the poppy and tobacco, which are grown to furnish mental vacuity and idleness with the means of a momentary occupation and excitement: there districts planted with grain not to sustain life but to be converted into a poisonous liquid, which may afford to degraded masses a brutal exhilaration with its attendants, folly, disease and death.
Show him that it is not an idle errand, on which the whispering breeze is sent, as it fans the heated brow of the weary husbandman, toiling in the hot sun, or resting beneath the shade of the green oak, thus wafting the fragrance of the ripening grain to its owner, and cheering him on to continued labor by the promise of approaching harvest.
Whether with a view of guarding against the escape of its secrets, I know not, but it is a fact, the every leaf and grain of the produce of this plantation, and those of the neighboring farms belonging to Col. Lloyd, are transported to Baltimore in Col. Lloyd's own vessels; every man and boy on board of which -- except the captain -- are owned by him.
Opposite to these stood a smaller table, formed from a lighter-colored wood, through the grains of which the wavy lines of the curled maple of the mountains were beautifully undulating.
Neighbour Feckless has of course no barn; (in the new country better farmers can not always afford one;) and being obliged to put up his grain in a hurry, it is perhaps not sufficiently dried, or not well stacked; in which case every grain will sprout and grow in such a way that the entire mass becomes one body of shoots, so that it must be torn apart, and is only fit to feed the cattle with. "
We humbly hope, that not in vain We ' ve borne the trials of our trust; And that thy truth will rise, like grain, The stronger for its sleep in dust.
Canada has a very fertile soil, especially in its upper colony; and though it be free from snow only during five months of the year, the heat of that period is sufficient to ripen the most valuable kinds of grain.
Afterwards set the sauce-pan in the chimney-corner with the lid off, while you are dishing your dinner, to allow the rice to dry, and the grains to separate.
Productive farms tYonting on the river and extending back for miles into the country; the neat white dwellings, embowered with trees and shrubbery and trailing vines, and surrounded with opulent gardens; the capacious barns and out-buildings; occasional school-houses; steepled churches and a massive cathedral stone fortresses; the showy seats of retired officers of the old Fur Company amidst smooth lawns; herds of horses and cattle and the ripening grains in
The orchards ripen fast Beneath the dogday rain, And August beams at last To gold will turn the grain.
said the old lady, " every bit and grain of my comfort ' s gone, " and removing her spectacles she continued silently rubbing them with her apron
For there be grains of sense in a simpleton, so long as he be natural.
The dogwood, with its fine, close grain, and its multitudinous red blossoms; the hackberry, similar to the beech, the honey and black locust, and that splendid evergreen, the holly
He may get trees in Oregon without crossing the // continent; but if he goes thither any time within a dozen years to come, in the expectation of loading with grain, we fear that his
It was in vain urged by the housewife that God made yeast, as well as dough, and loves fermentation just as dearly as he loves vegetation; that fermentation develops the saccharine element in the grain, and makes it more palatable and more digestible.
them value its treasures more fondly than Southern people do, who live amidst ever-blooming vegetation, too familiar to be prized; and the New England wiuters gather up not merely grain and apples for the table, but pleasant visions from summer fields and autumn groves for the inward chambers of imagery.
Every one who is a parent, takes his sons, one after another, as they doff their petticoats, if the freedom of their limbs was ever restrained by such unnecessary appendages, and places them on the deck of his fishing smack; teaches them to call the ropes by their names, bait, fling, and patiently watch the deceptive hook, and dart the harpoon, or plunge the grains -- just as the Indian is accustomed to lead his warrior-boys forth to the hunting grounds, and teach them to track the lightfooted game, or heavier-heeled foe -- wing, with unerring aim, the fatal arrow, or launch the deadly spear.
In many places the English found the wigwams deserted, and the corn-fields growing to waste, with none to harvest the grain.
These important products of vegetation are especially abundant in the seeds of the different kinds of grain, and of peas, beans, and lentils; in the roots and the juices of what are commonly called vegetables.
In general, the ground underneath was cultivated with grain crops; the trees are benefited by the manure, and the crop suffers only partially from the shade.
which the Peak of Piterboth, in the Isle of France, is composed, and perceived on its surface small grains of copper.
The advertisements before mentioned inform the colonists that they can vend their surplus grain in the Asiatic ports; among others, in Japan.
Let us suppose that in an Association of four hundred persons, fruits, grains and vegetables have been grown, animals raised and articles manufactured, which have sold for $400,000.
The European consumer will not pay them; the exporting merchant will not pay them; the broker, the jobber, the speculator, the miller, will not pay them; and therefore the farmer will pay them, or he will not sell his grain.
In the centre of his camp were two great mounds, one of sacks of flour, the other of grain, which were called the royal granary.
The leaves, as they fall off, destroy the heath and other hard plants, which are succeeded by mosses and grasses, the remains of which, when ploughed into the soil, make it susceptible of bearing crops either of grain or of green vegetables; and the timber at last, after paying all its expenses by the repeated thinnings, furnishes a better rent than could be obtained by any other means.
If we can not find any other and better things to love than our opinions, the Lord help us, and send us at least a grain of sense!
much, that grain crops could not be cultivated under them with advantage, After a drive of about an hour and a quarter, we arrived at the first of Messrs.
-- That Love comes, like the flowers, over night; That Love ' s a fire, that kindles to fierce light From a soft glance; that dreams and fancies feed; That Love's a star, to Heav ' n our steps to lead; A green spot in a parch'd and barren land, A little grain of gold in Life's dull sand, And that the gods, when weary of this earth, They fled to yonder skies that gave them birth, And with them took all else that charm'd our sphere, Forgot celestial Love and left it here.
They had spent their last grain of hope on the direction of life; hence they turned in the other.
Sweet to the pensive is departing day When only one small cloud so still and thin, So thoroughly imbued with amber light, And so transparent, that it seems a spot Of brighter sky, beyond the farthest mount Hangs o'er the hidden orb; or where a few Long narrow stripes of denser, darker grain, At each end sharpened to a needle's point With golden borders, sometimes straight and smooth And sometimes
Improved agricultural utensils, a better knowledge of the nature of soils, and of the different kinds of grain and edible vegetables, and of manures have added considerably to the quantity of product.
And I have no doubt I have seen seventy grains administered thus.
By the act of 1792, which established the mint, the gold eagle, of the value of ten dollars, was required to contain 247 2 grains of pure gold in 270 grains of standard gold: that is, one twelfth of alloy, which was required to be partly silver, to prevent the copper from giving too deep a hue to the gold; but, according to Dr. Seybert, * it not being found necessary, it was virtually disregarded at the mint.
I may be allowed, however, to say that the cotton gin has been of more profit to the United States, than ten times all they ever received by internal taxation; that our grain mill
There always seemed to me, " she said, " to be a grain of truth in every great error.
He plants, he waters, he removes carefully the young weeds which appear and endanger the growth of the grain; and, usually, he does not labour in vain.
In regard to the cultivation of grains, Mr. King argues from evidence which he considers sufficient, that in the rich alluvial values of California, every species of vege.. table food may be produced, excepting perhaps, the maize, or Indian Corn; and without that irrigation which is essential // upon plains subject to the continued heats of summer.
23.22 grain of pure gold will no longer purchase so many commodities as before.
// grains, fruits, vegetables, or flowers; the center will be occupied with the most elegant branch or variety; and the descending, with the lightest and smallest.
Having few medicines, he resorted to tobacco, and found six grains of snuff as effectual in exciting vomiting, as two of Tartar emetic.
1 That we ma y kave an * m P ress i n f the comparative cost, which occurred in the transporting of the grain currency to the place of its deposit, the succeeding charge is exhibited.
Then the second application of capital will not be made till the increase of population has caused the price of grain to rise so high, that this second thousand dollars will produce as large profits as capital applied in other ways.
All the varieties of grain and grasses yield abundant crops.
It is of a granular structure, that is, con * sisting of separate grains of different substances, united, apparently,
Uncle Horace reaped the waving grain, proud man as he was, with secret tears falling upon the sheaves.
In the third year of Q, ueen Anne, an attempt was made to put an end to this confusion, by a Royal Proclamation and act of Parliament, fixing the plantation pound at two ounces sixteen pennyweights sixteen grains of silver, of the fineness of common pieces of eight, at six shillings and ten pence half-penny per ounce; but, from various causes, the act proved effective in Barbadoes only.
America, who have engaged in the production of grain for the European markets.
The crop of maize appeared, from the quality of the grain, to have been a fine one, and one of the persons told me that it had yielded at the rate of about 50 bushels an acre.
The beet following in both these rotations a grain crop, the ground will require a thorough preparation; that is, two or three plowings, harrowing and rolling.
And Wide-Awake covers his eye and dashes away what he pretends is a grain of dust. "
By law, as in equity, the Government is bound to do nothing more than to provide, every year, twenty-eight millions sterling; or, in other terms, twenty-eight million times 113 grains Troy, of fine gold, which is equal to 549,314 pounds Troy; to be divided, pro rata, among the holders of stock.
fruits and vegetables the heavier branches of agriculture, such as the cultivation of grain, should receive but little attention.
If a nation chooses to limit its consumption to the quantity of grain, that can be raised on a limited territory abroad or at home, its opulation will be limited of course to the number of persons, which this territory will nourish; and when it has reached this point, if emigration be also prohibited, provisions will be sold at a famine price.
bottom of the sea; but the sailors did not seem to be much interested by it, calling me a fool for wanting to preserve a few grains of the sand.
It would drain the interminable marshes, that form the interior of New Holland, and convert the last acre of them into a wheat field, before a bushel of grain would be wanted in the United States by any citizen, who had the money to pay for it at a fair market price.
The ground is then removed, the plate carefully cleaned, and the aqua-tinta grain, as it is called, is applied.
The continual repairs of temporary dams, which are nightly trodden down and destroyed by elephants; the filling up of the water-courses from the same cause; the nocturnal attacks upon the crops by elephants and hogs; the devastating attacks of birds as the grain becomes ripe; a scarcity of water at the exact moment it is required; and other numerous difficulties which are scarcely felt by a large population.
Among them the Indian corn, the most beautiful of American grains, is particularly commemorated, and the curious workmanship is noticed with which the golden ear was half disclosed amidst the broad leaves of silver, and the light tassel of the same material that floated gracefully from its top.44 If this dazzling picture staggers the faith of the reader, he may reflect that the Peruvian mountains teemed with gold; that the natives understood the art of working the mines, to a considerable extent; that none of the ore, as we shall see hereafter, was converted into coin, and that the whole of it passed into
At great expense of labor in blasting // rocks, or covering them with earth, the least useful pastures were turned into arable ground, and the cattle stalled, by which means the quantity of grain, as well as of milk and butter, was greatly increased.
We love the thought that our prairies, waving with grain -- the feeding lands of Europe in their days of adversity-will thus have a voice in the Palace of the Nations; and for ourselves, we can rest satisfied
Here one family makes a meadow of a sloping piece of land, which Nature destined to the vine; there another sows wheat where grass should grow; a third, to avoid buying grain, clears a declivity which the rains will strip of its soil the following year; while a fourth and a fifth misapply the " soil in some other way.
While it is true that Upper Canada, or Canada West, produces a surplus of grains, it is not so with Lower Canada and the coast Colonies, as a whole; but, on the contrary, they must constitute, in proportion to their growth in population and wealth, a continually more and more profitable and extensive customer and consumer.
If this family consisted of but five persons, we may suppose that one acre would furnish them grain enough, and, of course, they would choose the most productive land.
In June the fields and forests are covered with luxuriant verdure; grain is abundant and in some portions is cultivated with success.
He has simply bound himself to pay as many times 23.22 grains of pure gold as he owes dollars, be the worth of that gold more or less.
From the ship's bows, nearly all the seamen now hung inactive; hammers, bits of plank, lances, and harpoons, mechanically retained in their hands, just as they had darted from their various employments; all their enchanted eyes intent upon the whale, which from side to side strangely vibrating his predestinating head, sent a broad band of overspreading semicircular foam before him as he rushed.
He then spread down a garment, taken from his pack, for the girl to lie upon, and took her head affectionately upon his lap. "
The head or lord of the manor called forth his attendants to his hall.
not be, a lawyer, was Mrs. Grahame's dream of life; but when she whispered it to her husband, he shook his head, with a grave smile, and pointed to the boy, who stood near, putting the finishing touch to what he called his " magical glass. "
Florry, sit down, and lean your weary head on my shoulder.
Still not a savage head was seen until they had arrived at the very borders of the intrenchment.
than my own -- to minds, indeed, of the highest order; one of those creeds -- not of the head, but of the heart; one of those beliefs which, for ever disowned by reason, for ever keep their place in our bosoms, and exert an influence, not the less potent that it is unconfessed, over our actions, -- it was the conviction of my own good-fortune.
Harry's blunders at table were light matters, and are not mentioned to his disparagement, as they were by no means very important after all; but a moral error, one that had its origin in the head and extends its roots down towards the heart, this is indeed an evil that is not lightly to be held.
The lion's head looked down with a grimly good-natured aspect, as the children clustered around the old gentleman's knees.
No, " he answered; and replacing the hat on his head
And some how or other my head got jam'd under one of their bonnets, but ' t was none of my duins though, and says she, sir, I'll thank you to take your head out of my face.
The Indian who appeared to be the leader of the party, and who wore the hawk's wing in his head, now suddenly drew his bow, while the blacksmith's attention had been momentarily withdrawn from his enemies by an unexpected noise in an opposite direction, and taking a rapid aim, discharged an arrow at the solitary champion.
not concern him, and some ten or a dozen missionaries, that would not do something the Cochin-Chinese bid them, and were, in consequence, made shorter by the head.
He was perfectly satisfied to remain in his little chair by my side, while engaged in recitations with his class, instead of taking his station at the head, to which he was generally entitled.
Mother, " said the young man, placing his hand to his head, and leaning heavily upon Spirit-Iron, as if a sudden faintness had come upon him, " why am I so different in looks from the rest of your children? "
As this question escaped the lips of the lady, who had hitherto purposely forborne to inquire into the private history of Mildred's journey, she shook her head distrustfully, and, after some deliberation, added, " You will pardon me, my child, for what may seem to be an idle curiosity -- I seek to know nothing that you may desire to keep secret -- but your journey is so full of hazard to one so young and helpless as yourself, that I fear you have not wisely considered the evil chances to which you may be exposed. "
* Notwithstanding the bruit made in history about this defeat of Sumter, the author can re-assert, and from written evidence now before him, that Sumter was in three days at the head of a very respectable force.
The good taste of the officers had prevented the general simplicity of an oaken head and foot-board to each of the three graves being marred by any long and childish epitaphs, or the doggerel of a lower-deck poet, and the three inscriptions were as follows: -- " Sacred to the memory of J. Torrington, who departed this life, January 1st, 1846,
We came down from the head waters of the St. John as far as Woodstock, and thence by stage and steamboat routes. "
is it reasonable to ask us to march to battle with the sign of Rome flaunting over our heads?
The noble team-horses, whose morning exit from the archway she hailed with a daily smile of welcome, seldom now returned at noon or nightfall without a branch of oak, willow, or birch, waving above their heads, while the glow of contentment and self-satisfaction which shone in the young teamster's face, no less than the sprig of lilac which occasionally adorned his hat, proved that he had been engaged in more cheering labors, and among more exhilarating scenes, than those which the city afforded.
Thus, besides placing Magdalena's hand on her head, she carried it also to her lips, expressing as much desire as her countenance could convey, to be esteemed the Christian's friend.
After some discussion it was determined that Mr. Conant should take with him a strong guard, and convey the captives to their head sachem, Massasoit.
Lucia could as yet only sob and utter inarticulate expressions of thanks: but she soon raised her head, and looked at Ellie with her sad smile,
-- and snatching, as he spoke, a long-barreled harquebuse from a sentinel beside him, he took a rapid aim, and before any of his comrades could interpose to hinder him -- for all perceived the madness of the action -- fired it against the head of the proud Rover.
If they bruise our head, we can sting their heels!
On their right, behold twenty mounted men, dressed in dark green frocks, with a young man, remarkable for his determined visage at their head.
With an elevated head, surrounded and coped with locks and braids, glossy and black as the raven's plumage; with murky brows, that could be elevated to a crescent, or bent into the contorted wavings of a serpent; with a voice deep toned and clear, she spoke and looked the destiny of the
Philosophy teaches us that the atmos- phere will not retain lead; and two pounds of the metal, moulded into bullets of thirty to the pound, after describing an ellipsis in their journey, returned to the earth rattling among the branches of the trees directly over the heads of the troops stationed in the rear of their captain.
And sometimes, more fully revealed, may be seen the entire head of a lady bright, ' as she seems intent upon a book.
Le Genr is at the head of a faction which is conspiring against you. "
The blows were given by a person of grisly aspect, with a head almost bald, and sunken cheeks, apparently of the feminine gender, though hardly to be classed in the gentler sex.
If he have not, then we may not risk a hair of our heads, because we please, to save
A silence, I should think, of four or five minutes, followed; after which, he slowly raised his head.
Peccavi,  said the Knight, bending his head. "
Know, then, my good brothers, that, at this moment, though you very loyally and truly avow yourselves the soldiers of his majesty, our king and master, it hath somehow entered into the head of the general Narvaez, the lieutenant of his majesty's governor, to consider you as villain rebels and traitors; -- an imputation so exceedingly preposterous and eccentric, that, were we in a Christian land, you should not be required to deny it; but, standing as you do, with no better present judge than your accuser, it is certain your innocence could not be made apparent to his majesty, until after the gallinazas had picked the last morsel from your bones; at which time, as I think you will agree with me, a declaration of your true loyalty would not be a matter of
Her head -- was it such a head, as I should be proud to see, one day or other, ruling my household; educating my children?
the heads of their columns having actually reached Vincennes before their rear had left the Place Royale; that the generals had announced their intention of giving battle; and that the coadjutor, De Retz, was with the army in person, mounted on a war-horse, with pistols in his holsters, and impetuously demanding an immediate advance.
Tim, rigged in plain gray frock, with leathers and white tops, stood, in true tiger fashion, at the horses ' heads, with the fore-finger of his right hand resting upon the curb of the gray horse, as with his left he rubbed the nose of the chetsnut; while Harry, cigar in mouth, was standing at the wheel, reviewing with a steady and experienced eye the gear, which seemed to give him perfect satisfaction.
And this if done at all, must be done speedily; for new institutions are springing up, which, in the flexibiUty of their youth, will easily take the forms that are required of them, while the older establishments, if they suffer themselves to grow harder and harder in their ancient habits and systems, will find, when the period for more important alterations is come and free Universities are demanded and called forth, that, instead of being able to place themselves at the head of the coming changes and directing
They almost expected to find the doctor in the study, as they knew he had been there a short time before, but the sole occupant of the chamber was Frank Digby, who, to the astonishment of all, was standing in a very disconsolate attitude near the fireplace, leaning his head on the mantelpiece, and neither moved nor spoke when they entered. "
You can not abide a head of flowing locks.
So saying, he took the boy by the hand, and led him along with him till they stopped at an apothecary's store with the sign of Galen's head, situated on Cornhill, at the corner of what is now called Winter Street.
She drew that young head to her old, loving bosom, and Elinor wept there, at last, like a grieved child. "
If a passing wind lingered to shake the casement, he strove to turn his head towards it; if the door jarred to and fro upon its hinges, he looked long and anxiously thitherward; if the
She spoke kindly to him, -- he did not look up; she laid her hand on his head, -- he hunched it off; she offered him an orange, -- he hunched at that.
She was a strange-looking girl; very tall and thin, with a pale, greenish cast of complexion; coal-black eyes, very much sunken in her head; hair as black as her eyes, and colorless lips.
' I am afraid, papa, ' said Lily, ' the truth is, that my head has been so full of Woodstock for the last few days, that I could do nothing. '
and pretend you don't keer, but you just say two words, -- just knock that chip off my head, -- and if I don't give you fits my name an't Ike Partington, that ' s all!
Thou art no less than when at the head of thine army, thou wast the terror of nations, shaking the earth with the stunning noise of thy warlike instruments: for, at thy festal board, within thy palace, among thy pleasures, at the head of thine
Enter the Post Master General, carrying a mail-bag filled with the heads of six thousand defunct Deputy Post Masters.
Mr. Incledon shok his head sadly, and gave up the discussion without further words. "
Her eyes glanced wildly from Sir Philip to his helpless victim -- then she groaned aloud, and pressed her hand upon her head as if it were bursting.
No queen upon her throne could ever have been approached with more reverence by her subjects than was this old lady by all the members of her family as she sat upon a naked rock in the bed of the river, with only a red rag upon her head and a single-white sheet over her shoulders.
Pompey, however, for a time made head against Spain, and overthrew Perpenna, who commanded one of the wings.
And so a party was given to Anna, at which she was introduced to several dashing young men, whose attentions almost turned her young head.
Descending the hall, the procession passed under an elegant arch, and another at the head of Market-street, where his friends left the carriage, and the General alone proceeded down the military line, in presence of thousands of both sexes.
Thou canst not stay Here, in a city where thy head, For ancient wrong, hatred half-fed, And villany's continual fear, If thou didst openly appear
At birth, the flattened face, and broad smooth forehead of the infant, the position of the eyes rather towards the side of the head, and the widened space between, represent the Mongolian form; while it is only as the child advances to maturity, that the oval face, the arched forehead, and the marked features of the true Caucasian, become perfectly developed. "
There was the broad sky above them -- the surging sea of heads -- the goddess of justice, in snow-white wood,
He neither spoke nor looked at his wife, or children; but placing himself at the head of one band of the young men he shouted his war-cry, and then silently pursued the enemy.
He would not take the sofa, saying he was not used to that, but he stretched himself on the floor and put his head on an ottoman.
Bridget My answer, dearest, would betray my promise to my mother, and, perhaps, bring wo, nay death upon our head.
My children -- " the gray eye of the aged man, glancing far through the cavern, whose expansive roof glowed redly with the torch-light, beheld the bowed heads of four thousand men and women.
The wretched man bowed low in reply; went up to his wife and kissed her forehead, her mouth and her eyes -- and then with a look of wo I never shall forget, gave his hand to his uncle, who turned away his head, to conceal a tear, I hope, and followed the officer out of the room, without uttering a word.
colonies to their duty to the king by a general poll-tax of two and sixpence a head.
But this increased the tumult, when an old woman, seizing a stool, hurled it at the bishop's head.
Indeed, if every vixenish impulse is to be allowed to seize upon the press, by way of speaking-trumpet, and when we stop our ears, hold // down our heads, and run, we must find home taunts upon our most defenceless follies and sins, mocking us in derisive echoes, before us and behind us and on every side; if we are to be overtaken, and branded, and cruelly mauled, without judge or jury, or a chance for defence or deprecation; if we must stand and take this clapper-clawing from fair, but not gentle, hands, under the eyes of the amused public, who, if they interfere at all, pelt either party at random, or both, to make justice sure and prevent brawls in the open thoroughfare in future, - is it not high time there was a police to come to the rescue?
Beside her bridle-rein rode Charles the Seventh, like his comrade sheathed in armor, and like her with his head uncovered; but his sunny locks and bright blue eye rendered his countenance, if possible, more feminine, on a slight inspection, than that of the fair being at his side.
-- " Beautiful enthusiast, " he said -- and the words broke from his lip in fire -- " he trembles from head to foot!
stood motionless amongst the stones of a rapid portion of the stream, crouching down with his neck and head drawn back close to his body, so that he looked like a brown rock himself.
It was a strange sight, that sea of heads all around us heaving in portentous silence at the slightest incident.
I assented, and my man was just going to clench the bargain with a shake of the hand, when hearing a slight rustle and turning my head quickly, I caught
He next tore the bandages from his head, and swore though his eyes were disfigured, his body remained in most excellent condition.
And they said it was so far from according with the nature of things and the order of the universe to have the head always uppermost, that the most approved and received theories of the motion of the planets and the diurnal rotation of the earth showed that mankind ought to be heels over head at least half the time.
commencement, which part Philly ran over with a hurried voice; but he assumed a more deliberate manner when he came to the grounds of the decision, stating, " that the said arbitrators, having duly considered all and singular the letters, declarations in writing, and other papers touching the exposition of the intent of the said parties, and their motives for making and receiving the said grant, and also duly considering the deeds appertaining thereunto, and all other matters connected therewith, have not found it necessary to declare their opinion upon the true intent and effect in law of the said deeds, by reason that certain facts and matters in evidence have come to the knowledge of the said arbitrators, whereby the original proprietary rights and relations of the said parties litigant -- " " I wish you would change that word litigant, ' Mr. Wart, " said Mr. Tracy, who during the reading of the award sat listening with fixed attention, and nodding his head, somewhat in the manner of one keeping time
from Al Aaraaf, Tamerlane, and minor poems (1829) 1 Romance who loves to nod and sing With drowsy head and folded wing Among the green leaves as they shake Far down within some shadowy lake To me a painted paroquet Hath been -- a most familiar bird -- Taught me my alphabet to say -- To lisp my very earliest word While in the wild wood I did lie A child -- with a most knowing eye.
It has on its head an old picturesque pine, and it breaks away at your feet abruptly and in perpendicular lines, to a depth of more than 300 feet.
In our remarks on this head, we have limited ourselves chiefly to the progress of civil liberty and popular power -- a single aspect of the subject, otherwise too vast for a single essay.
I saw in a corner, half hidden behind an old trunk in the youth's chamber, what it was evident she had not seen, a head board, the very fellow to that which he had been making for Ellen!
I never shall forget, and I am sure I can never " describe, Anglique's first look of terror, astonish " ment, and inquiry, and the overwhelming shame " with which she dropped her head on her bosom, " when she recognised me.
Children, with large expressive eyes, and clustering locks, their heads surmounted with tasselled caps and fancy hats, arrayed in their " brightest and best, " bounded along behind their more soberly arrayed, but not less gay parents, followed by gaudily dressed slaves, who chattered incessantly with half-suppressed laughter to their acquaintances on the opposite trottoir.
First Officer Great Duke, you must, for I know that; for when we made a former head against them, it seemed but as a noiseless place; but afore our thoughts were turned for it; we were in one another's ranks right thickly; hilt and hilt the game, and death the stakes; and by chance, I saved myself from the sacrifice.
Deeds which may tear his heart asunder; hold him Bare to the hissing fools whose good he sought; Draw on his head the laugh of the light crew, Who deem they follow an abusd creed -- Even by themselves misconstrued -- which erst made
Little Alice put up her arms to Grandfather, and drew down his white head beside her own golden locks. "
Let me tell them a little: Liberia has raised up her bowed-down head, and has taken a stand with some of the greatest nations of the earth.
Plunges his head into schemes of all sorts, eats his way to the bottom of the can till he can not extricate himself, and constables, and sheriffs, and indignant society, which would have said nothing had he been successful, go to pounding him because he can not get his head out.
The head of the stock is first cut over horizontally with
their beautiful heads aloft in the air, expanding wide their pliant nostrils and sniffing up the wind, when catching, as they seemed to do, the evidence of their enemy's presence: they would snort almost like a trumpet of warning, and tossing aside the long hair that flowed about their heads and obstructed their sight, their flashing, fiery eyes would search the wide plain in pursuit of the object that startled them.
if you have an overflow of wit, have the goodness to reserve it for the close: you have already driven several ideas out of my head. '
Some were pillowed here, some there, in little clusters of two or three, their heads upon their saddles, their hands clutching fast rifle or broadsword, and the bridle hanging above, ready for sudden employment.
But there was no common head to regulate commerce.
It is true that here and there a workman may be found who has it in him, but he does not rest contented in the inferior work - he struggles forward into an Academician; and from the mass of available handicraftsmen the power is gone - how recoverable I know not: this only I know, that all expense devoted to sculptural ornament, in the present condition of that power, /z/ comes literally under the head of Sacrifice for the sacrifice's sake, or worse.
landed, the Canada fired her guns, and steamed off to Boston; and as I saw her coloured lights disappear round the heads of the harbour, I did not feel the slightest regret at having taken leave of her for ever.
the head, for these animals are very fond of this article, and on the fourth day they come to life again. "
One would imagine that the prophecy might be well applied at the present day; and that every shower, which has fallen, has brought increased folly and distraction on the heads * f men.
To the rescue, " shouted Zacharie, as he came in sight; and, descending the hillside at a furious rate, he drove his horse full against the remaining grenadier as he was about to revenge his comrade by a tremendous stroke of his broadsword on the uncovered head of the general, and bore him bodily to the ground.
blush, the modest grace, On follies fix their young desire, To trifles bid their souls aspire, Fill their gay heads with whims of fashion, And slight all other cultivation, Let every useless, barren weed Of foolish fancy run to seed, And make their minds the receptacle Of every thing that's false and fickle; Where gay caprice with wanton air, And vanity keep constant fair, Where ribbons, laces, patches, puffs, Caps, jewels, ruffles, tippets, muffs, With gaudy whims of vain parade, Croud each apartment of the head; Where stands, display'd with costly pains, The toyshop of coquettish brains, And high-crown'd caps hang out the sign, And beaux as customers throng in; Whence sense is banish'd in disgrace, Where wisdom dares not show her face; Where the light head and vacant brain Spoil all ideas they contain, As th ' air-pump kills in half a minute Each living thing you put within it?
At its head walked a priest in white surplice, chanting.
: 1Kb heels puts on Wings, wide as worn by Maia's son.
Mr. Wieland Because I know by experience that he has lighter heels than I have.
Sally prepared to follow, hobbling on her heel to keep the bruised portion of her foot off the ground; but the tears were yet on her face; and I called to her to wait a moment.
A chaise had been overset in the village street, the horse was running with the broken vehicle at his heels at full speed, while half a score of men where in breathless pursuit; a little child stood
to man opposed; Dark forms in mimic combat closed; Upwhirled in clouds the summer dust; Quick blows were aimed, and furious thrust; With face convulsed the fallen gasped, And murd'rous hands the scalp-lock grasped; Some from the swathing-board cut loose, With seeming hate, the swart pappoose, Then raised it, struggling, by the heel, And pointed at its throat the steel; While others, on the trampled ground, Limbs of the frantic mother bound, And her shrill cry with laughter drowned.
and gestures, when propped up by cushions, one might have concluded that he had been more severely wounded in his feelings than corporeally by the heels of the ass.
not one jot; and while his visage grew as sour as a cucumber, she wisely gave his humour full time to change, and whatever heat, that might have invaded the equanimity of a usual placable temper, in his impatience a sufficient opportunity to cool, a thing not likely in a phlegmatic Nieuw Nederlander to happen in a moment, except when brought to such utter extremity by kicking his heels unattended to, and waiting for a spouse who spurned his honest control in an exposed and wind swept hall on a winter's evening.
I will keep the others close at your heels.
Marie was arrayed in a bright yellow spencer and brighter green petticoat, with her pretty feet -- for she had very pretty feet -- encased in clocked cotton hose, and thrust into a pair of shoes of some red stuff, and with heels full two inches high, which materially aided her position as she leaned forward to listen to
I'll ride forward, as if I had a whole troop at my heels, and if I catch them, as I expect, they will have a little fire kindled, and, as likely as not, they'll be cooking some of your mother's fowls. "
answer to this question, but turning contemptuously upon his heel, was about to leave the circle, around which the assembly, in visible anxiety for his reply, was now beginning to crowd. "
Priest-ride your people, crush them ' neath the heel Of despots till no spark of
His heels had scarce disappeared within the window, when the foot-step of Betsy -- light and tripping for such a substantial beauty -- was heard in the garden. "
heels were a thousand ruffians -- their drawn swords red and dripping -- their hoarse screams resounding " the king!
Calling them instantly to heel, the cavalier alighted, bound his hot war-house to a tree, and eagerly scanned the soil.
Thus, construction was heaped upon construction, evasion followed evasion, one fantastic fiction became the excuse of a fiction still more fantastic, amendment trod upon the heels of amendment, until the whole mass seemed like a vast pile of rubbish, or rather like some // of those ancient structures which are seen in Italy, with here a broA ken column, there a shattered portico, in the third place a crumbling roof, but the whole grotesquely stuck together with plaster and wood, to make a modern habitation.
and striking his heels lustily in the sides of the strong and mettled steed that he was mounted on, he was borne by the sure footed animal in an instant to the place where they were
With all these evolutions, he contrived to keep the horses up to the top of their speed, until, between ten and eleven, their heels resounded on the gravel at the end of the balcony.
Plotwell The mere prejudice of education, my dear miss -- But attend to me for two minutes, and I'll prove that the heel, not
He stood in the door with the slack hand of utter despair; while she, swinging her heels, began leisurely spitting about her, in every direction, the juice of a quid of tobacco, which she cherished in one cheek. "
The sagacious animals understood him, and immediately dropped close to the ground, at his heels.
fearing the dogs would bite your heels if you wore them so any longer.
You had better go out doors, Pimble, " said his wife; " you are so contemptible a thing even insignificant curs yelp at your heels. "
The Crees make a square point in front, tapering away gradually to the heel.
His hand being in, He lent it to four others of the guard, And knocked them down to keep him company, Then showed them heels as active as his arms.
Meanwhile, what of our poor captives in their dark and miserable dungeon, held only by fastenings which a stout trooper could burst with a single blow of the heel, not more than a mile or two from a highway, with powerful friends seeking them, and resolute hearts ready to peril life for their rescue? "
GENERAL POTTER was not kept long waiting for means to prove himself a great warrior, for the cargo of vagabonds, described so exultingly by Glenmoregain as of the choicest kind, arrived early one morning, and conducted themselves so riotously that the simple-minded people of quiet Jollifee were thrown into a state of great excitement, and imagining them demons escaped from the infernal regions, took to their heels and ran terrified out of town.
Leisurely tipped back on one chair, with his heels in another, he was enjoying his after-dinner cigar.
With these words, he rode boldly up to the taverndoor, I following, with what face I could, at his heels.
Thou wert but a lost man to bring the beast upon thee, and good though thy heels may be, they will not carry thee where thy heart would have them.
stairs and through the corridor, holding the light above his head, while Betsy follows at his heels, rubbing her eyes in order to assure herself that it is no dream.
I again crept through the door, seized the corpse by the heels, and pulled him into the room after me.
They soon returned home, coated with snow from head to heel, and the cheeks of the boys glowing with health and enjoyment. "
and with the word he rushed out of the chamber, as if the avenger of blood were at his heels
He goes about, among our women, with half a dozen puppies, of one kind and another, at his heels; growling and cursing, at every step; and we are fools enough to think it all an evidence of generalship.
Her horse, incited more by the uproar at his heels than by any impulse she was able to give him, sprang forward.
He was as pale as ashes; even his lips were white, not with fear nor with fury, but with the sick exhaustion that follows ever on the heel of over-fierce excitement.
Ahead of them rode at an unflinching pace the affrighted Ben Habib, laying on with fist and heels, and glowing, as if pursued by wolves.
The plains of Abraham were away to the left; the soft sward then unconsecrated with the blood of the brave -- untrodden, unprofaned by armed heels, and iron hoofs.
What do you think I 'm made of, " he continued, dashing his elegant heel on the floor, " cast-iron or New Hampshire granite?
Notwithstanding this, the Spaniards mustered in considerable force upon and about the heel of the bowsprit and cat-heads, armed with pistols, knives, and cutlasses.
As he spoke, he turned on his heel, and leaving the cabin, rejoined his subordinates on deck, and shortly after going down into the barge threw himself at his full length on the cushions
forward, but his followers took to their heels and fled away.
Dead or alive, it is all the same to us, and the head of a dead rebel is easier to carry than the heels of a living one. "
Dismounting at the gate, he entered, and meeting Caroline in one of the avenues of the front yard, he delivered his message; then retracing his steps, and seating himself sideways upon his pony beneath the elm, he began to whistle a lively tune, to which he kicked his heels against his pony's sides by way of accompaniment. "
We left their servant, a strapping Greek, at the door, and the Arab having enlarged the hole, we went to work systematically, laid ourselves upon our backs, and, being prepared beforehand, were dragged in by the heels.
So saying, he turned on his heel and walked off, while Julia burst into tears and repaired to her own room, whither she was soon followed by her mother, who tried to console her.
now just give me the wink, master, " persisted Peter, " my heels are so itchy to run, and my hand so itchy to shake the doctor's fist for him, that, by my faith!
So saying, and taking the arm of our hero, bewildered at what he saw and heard, he led him aside, with little David wiping his eyes, and still unable to speak for his emotion, following them close at their heels.
And striking his heels sturdily in the flanks of the horse, the gallant animal sprung like an arrow through the night -- and darting down the long track by which he had advanced, in a few minutes both steed and rider were lost to the view. "
With his horizon all his own, yet he a poor man, born to be poor, with his inherited Irish poverty or poor life, his Adam's grandmother and boggy ways, not to rise in this world, he nor his posterity, till their wading webbed bog-trotting feet get talaria to their heels.
I verily believe he'd just as quick trip up our minister's heels as yours or mine!
devoted knight was very light, both of head and heels, at that time in the evening, " said her friend. "
not if you'll let me lay my heels at your fire.	30:35	0:49	 not if you 'll let me lay my heels at your fire .
Alberto The world is rank with life, no twist or turn, But some untoward imp has crossed my path, One kicks my heel, or treads upon my foot, Then follows with a thousand score of words: Sir, upon the word of a Catholic; Saints and devils sir, I did not mean it,
wings, such a breathless profusion of miraculous somersets, such a hopeless confusion and entanglement of head, heels, arms, and legs, in one rapid and bewildering contortion.
The schoolmaster now bestowed both whip and heel upon the starveling ribs of old Gunpowder, who dashed forward, snuffing and snorting, but came to a stand just by the bridge with a suddenness that had nearly sent his rider sprawling over his head.
He clapped his hands, kicked up his heels, and turned somersets like a harlequin.
, - 7 Length of the hind foot, from the heel to the point of the long toe, - - 6 /z/ The iguanodon had also a horn, composed of bone, four inches high and of an irregular form.
ivory heel, such would have been the reverberating crack and din of that bony step, that their dreams would have been on the crunching teeth of sharks.
Lemuel stealthily creeping at his heels, followed him across the threshold, into the Room.
A boy, in a cocked paper-hat, (a brigadier's hat at least), beating a drum with great energy, marched at the head of a company of youth, who, fitted out in belts and sticks, and bearing crickets and hurdygurdys in their hands, tramped along, assuming the port of martialists and sticking close to the heels of their leader.
For whatever may be said by John Bull about the brains of a Frenchman lying in his heels, " for they do excel in dancing, ' ' yet their excellence in many of the more elevated departments of the natural sciences and the fine arts, abundantly proves that they excel all other people in that " elegant fusion of imagination and sentiment " which constitutes the beauty of their national genius.
Two other sportsmen, grave, sober-looking farmers, whom Harry greeted cheerily by name, and to whom in all due form I was next introduced, well-mounted, and armed with long single-barrelled guns, completed our party; and away we went at a rattling trot, the hounds following at Archer's heels, as steadily as though he hunted them three times a week. "
Fyler Close and your father loved the same woman; and there wasn't brighter angel out of heaven than that girl; they both loved her, Paul, but your father married her; and from that day to this, he has had the shadow of the devil, yes the devil himself in the form of that broker, at his heels.
Moore Off, off, -- the're here Upon our heels.
Turning on her heel within little more than a biscuit's toss of the reef, no earthly power could have saved us, were it not that, up to the very brink of the coral rampart, there are no soundings.
He had gauntlets on his hands, and spurs upon his heels, but they were not the gilded spurs of knighthood, nor was there any plume or crest on his burgonet, nor any bearings on the plain, blood-red shield which hung about his neck.
She now said some amiable things at parting, urged Hazard and myself to come to the Brakes, and rode forward with a becoming propriety of gait, attended by Ralph; -- Harvey had followed close at the heels of Bel -- and before the rays of the sun had fallen below the highest tree-tops, the equestrians were out of sight.
He lifted one leg - down went the other; he changed sides - it was no better; till, finally, he floundered down and came on all fours; there he stuck, with fists and heels fast in the mud, and myself perched on his back.
Fancy a venerable old man trudging along the narrow pathway that runs winding through the sweet-scented meadows which lie betwixt his home and the spot consecrated to the service of his Maker, with his smiling happy family tripping gaily at his heels.
The good people instantly abandoned the horses, and took to their heels; but, willing to quicken their pace, Molton made deliberate aim at one of them, and shot away a part of his camblet cloak, in mere wantonness.
What hinders thee to lie in wait, and, following at his heels, so do with him, that his Tlascalans who desert afterwards, may be frightened on the path, and so return to us?
For a few moments the struggle was tremendous; at first it seemed as if no human power or skill could have controlled the frantic efforts of the furious stallion; but as the knight sat firm, baffling each successive plunge, and answering every kick with a corresponding motion of his armed heels, it soon became evident that he must be the master of the day; for, after a while, every plunge was weaker than that which preceded it, and anon quite baffled and subdued, panting and blown -- the proud war-horse stood still.
After Pain has had her measure, Trips upon her heels soft Pleasure, Smiling as she goes.
And the disappointed lover chassezed forward with a rueful countenance, inwardly vowing vengeance against the count, and scarcely knowing whether he was on his head or his heels.
watch, and walked as if the tall heels of his blunt boots were egg-shells and not leather.
But whatever it is, Ned Ramsey, I 'm clear that if you valued the heels of your horse at all; if, indeed, you were not frightened, you'd see it all covered before you'd be bantered off the course. "
The years hurried onward, treading in their haste on one another's heels.
I would not turn on my heel, ' said he, to save my life. '
Ned turned proudly on his heel, and hastily withdrew, without casting a look behind.
and the fust thing he knowd, kerslosh he went heels over hed, rite into the water.
He crossed the threshold with a flushed cheek and sparkling eye, while Iron Dickon walked scowling and sullen at his heels. "
he turned on his heel and made for the door.
Sir R. Sir Robert Bramble Yes, he's always at my heels.
In yet another species, the whole length of the track, including the large heel, was two feet, and the step six feet.
a shame, so I got up to go to them, and called McTavish to go with me; but torights, jest as he was a gittin up, a heap of critters comes all chasin up, scart by a dog, I reckon, kickin their darned heels up, and bellowin like mad -- and there was one young bull amongst them, quite a lump of a bull now I tell you; and the bull he came up pretty nigh to us, and stood, and stawmped, and sort o ' snorted, as if he did'nt know right what he would be after, and McTavish, he gits up, and turns right round with his back to the critter; he ' d got a bit of a round jacket on, and he stoops down till his head came right atween his legs, kind o ' straddlin like, so that the bull could see nothing of him but his t' other eend, and his head right under it, chin uppermost, with his big
Immediately in the heels of the judge -- he had walked down with that functionary, that he might enjoy an opportunity to color his mind to the right complexion for a case that was coming on
, and a voice such as Mrs. Merry possessed, she sung " He is dead and gone, lady, He is dead and gone; At his head a grass-green turf, At his heels a stone. "
And issuing from the gates of his camp into the calm and starry night, he drove, with his escort at his heels, with the impetuosity and din of a whirlwind, waking the mountain echoes by the clang of the thundering hoofs, and the clash of the brazen armor and steel scabbards, down the steep defile toward Usella.
So she sat very busy with her knitting-work, scarcely knowing what she was about, till Silence called out, " Why, Susan, what a piece of work you are making of that stocking heel!
the knight takes to his heels enter a YOUNG GENTLEMAN, wearing a cockade
I started after, but was tripped up by my inexpressibles, which either from habit, or the excitement of the moment, were about my heels, and before I had really gathered myself up, I heard the old varmint groaning in a thicket near by, like a thousand sinners, and by the time I reached him he was a corpse.
Two or three men in the crowd called out that they knew me before -- that I had been in the Ohio penitentiary -- that my name was Brown, and here is my quarrel with the colonel, his murder on the heels of it -- my dagger by his dead body, and his empty pocket-book by my house.
The par value of a bond is the amount which is due upon it; and this includes interest as well as principal.
The constancy, with which the charge of caricaturing Nature is brought against writers who attempt the humorous, should lead us to suspect -- particularly as Cervantes, Smollett, Fielding and Scott, to say nothing of more recent eminent examples, have all, at one time or another, been included in the accusation -- that there is less justice and more assumption in the charge, than seems at first possible.
besides what he truly and properly sees, includes also a series or comhination of inferences, conjectures, or conceptions, which are totally different from the visual sensations, and which really arise from them, but arise so instantaneously that the sensation and these subsequent or accompanying mental acts or states can not be distinguished from each other in their occurrence.
If the Mosaic account include the fossil species, it does not the existing ones; and if it embrace the latter, it can not the former.
liberty, and the pursuit of happiness, " without being aware, if the negro was a man, he must be included?
The territories of the United States were at that time (1798) all included between the Atlantic Ocean on the east, and the Mississipi river on the west.
The sum total of these expenses, at the close of the eight years ' war, (including, in the aggregate, nearly three thousand pounds lawful money, paid for secret service, reconnoitring, and travelling, which might well be considered public charges,) was less than fourteen thousand five hundred pounds of sterling money; - a trifle more than was lately paid to the governor-general
I have always arranged Judaism under two heads, " said the old man, " the black and the white: by the black, I mean the observance of the law of Moses in preference to the precepts of the church; then there is the white Judaism, which includes all kinds of heresy, such as Lutheranism, freemasonry, and the like. "
1 By this I do not mean to include all foreigners, for some of them I consider among the very best of our population, but dancers, &c.,; &c.; TO MY FRIEND MR.
This does not include the extensive tract assigned to the Indians, called the Western Territory, the region west of the Missouri and north of the Platte, and that west of the Rocky Mountains, in which there is no white population, and which; has received no political organization or official name, The States are divided for municipal purposes into small sections, styled counties, except in South Carolina, where they are called districts, and in Louisiana, where they are called parishes.
The patriotism that does not include within itself the doctrine that every man has inalienable rights to life, liberty and property - the patriotism that leaves that out, is like a man without a heart or a head - a hollow corpse.
A cause involving so large a sum of money, so fine a landed estate, honourably acquired by the late proprietor, and generously bequeathed to myself, must necessarily include many interests of a varied character.
on land and on sea; Bonapartes and Sharks included.
For Progress includes Order, but Order does not include Progress.
which included among its adherents a great variety of opinions as to the extent to which existing regulations, superstitious or frivolous, might be observed with a good conscience.
By some naturalists who have vaguely heard rumors of the mysterious creature, here spoken of, it is included among the class of cuttle-fish, to which, indeed, in certain external respects it would seem to belong, but only as the Anak of the tribe.
Does the phrase " that the entry (for a town-site) shall include only such land as is actually occupied by the town, " restrict the entry to those quarter quarter-sections, or forty acre subdivisions alone, on which houses have been erected as part of said town?
Mr. Coleridge said, that lie had known very few men who loved the truth for the truth's sake; if he had known Chief Justice Marshall, be would have included him in the select list.
XVe may remark here that Mr Droz, notwithstanding his previous xvarni eulogies on the pleasures of idleness, is unable to make out a picture of a happy life for himself without including his liberal occupations; and thus renounces inadvertently his own declared doctrine, and conies back to the one recommended by the common sense of the
it has its town subdivisions like the larger litera ture; it boasts of cyclopmdias and commentaries; it includes histories, travels, poems, works in science, theological treatises.
He has put a generous construction on the phrase " first settlers, " and made it include some of the earlier residents whose stay in the territory was but transient.
Coleridge has recorded the very striking observation, that " it can not but be beneath a wise man to be an infidel on the score of what other men think fit to include in their Christianity. "
thing the feeling of honor must include a delicacy of perception of one's own rights and those of others, and a corresponding delicacy of conscience in case of violation by one's self, and of resentment in case of violation by others.
Not aware of the true nature of the contest, the English Liberal government sought, by yielding, in sub- Under this term we include here (and elsewhere in speaking of Lower Canada) all who use the English tongue; Americans, Scotch, and Irish
During the last year, the expenses in the home department, including agencies for the collection of funds, -- publ ications designed to diffuse missionary intelligence, and to guide the public mind, -- the support of three secretaries and a treasurer, all of whom devote their whole time to the business of the institution, -- and a variety of miscellaneous expenditures incidental to the work-amounted to $25,798 84, without including the rent
The third division includes the extensive tract of country, which lies between the Chactahatchee and the Appalachicola rivers, and forms the counties of Washington and Jackson.
The next six parts refer to the six boards to which we have before referred, among which the duty of regulating the details of the government is distributed; and under the ninth division are included all those laws relating to public education, the examination of candidates for public offices, as well as those peculiar laws which concern the Tartar dependencies // and the courts which take cognizance of their affairs.
It is to be observed that the greatest number of Bonaparte's family during the time embraced in the scale was only nine, without including several children; and for a portion of time, only six.
That is, the Northern confederacy was to extend, if it should be found practicable, so as to include Maryland.
cost of their production, - - including, of course, the distributive charge upon each axe or kettle requisite to compensate the interest, and wear of the capital or accumulated labor invested in the machinery, -- has decreased.
conjunction with the sentiment of superiority, to prompt to exercises of power this same moral sentiment; since it is certainly possible that power may be sought and used as a means of gratifying the sentiment of benevolence by conferring favors on those whom we love within which purview may possibly be included the great body of the community; though, in general, the limits of the benevolence of the governing power are apt to be a good deal more narrow, and this motive itself, whatever the sphere of its operation, to be much more ostentatiously put forward than facts will warrant.
A pellmell of sheds thrown from her devil's bag would give an idea of that irregular Weymouth the good women in this sheds included.
If ho cultivation of these be included, as it commonly is, within // the term civilization, then the assertion of our author can not be maintained;
This region, and that included between 25 and 23 north latitude
From all these considerations we are induced to draw this conclusion, that natural death only was included in the punishment denounced against Adam.
This resource is capital, under which name may be also included those natural objects and productions which are the subjects of property.
The term includes all those trees which have an irregular surface in their boughs, more or less varied in outline, but exhibiting in the Tre " s d whole a top or head comparatively round; as the oak, ash, beech, and walnut.
Now there is, we have already intimated, a higher and more comprehensive view of God's universal kingdom, in which it includes and harmonizes these two economies, viz, nature and the supernatural, and by these two factors, like the contending forces of astronomy, settles and adjusts its orbit.
The Convention voted that it had always been intended to include him in the sentence against the Bourbons; and with his young son, the Count of Beaujolais, he
By a second order, papers of a similar description, from 1783, to the commencement of the new government, were included.
After defining the northern boundary of the province, the charter goes on to include all the lands and hereditaments whatsoever, lying within the limits aforesaid, and extending as far as the outermost points or promontories of land called Cape Cod and Cape Malabar, north and south, and in latitude, breadth, and in length, and longitude, of and within all the breadth and compass aforesaid, throughout the main land there, from the said Atlantic or western sea and ocean, on the east part, towards the south sea or westward, as far as our colonies of
The next points examined, included the person and conduct of the plaintiff.
If the work includes an incarnation, as we suppose it must of necessity, then it must be God sending God into the world.
Under this denomination we are not to include all the laws given to the people of Israel.
It extends south of the city forty miles, and northward among islands and mountains, about twenty-five more, if we include what is called the San Pablo Bay.
both were included in the matter of sin or holiness, and in the desert of praise or blame.
Beginning from his discovery of Medon's corpse upon the Esquiline, he now narrated to her fully all that had passed, including much that in his previous tale he had omitted.
extends not beyond the sphere of sensation, our desire for knowledge includes instinct, and it is this which leads many of us to the objects suited to the exercise of our /z/ peculiar talents.
Passing to the head of secondary instruction, the Report will include descriptions and notices of schools in Great Britain, France, Prussia, and Saxony; each chapter being devoted to a separate country, and preceded by general introductory remarks.
Now she fixed her bright, wild eyes on her mother, now on the minister, and now included them both in the same glance; as if to detect and explain to herself the relation which they bore to one another.
It promotes, sustains, and improves a long train of arts, it is not easy to say how many, which are very important to the sustenance, com- * The duty on the import is of course included in the price of the manufactured article.
Moreover, when it happens, as happen it will, that the great body of the nation is included in the list of electors, and representation is proportioned to population, or to population and property combined, then England becomes, not in theory only, but in practice, a republic, though a republic under a monarchical form.
Its territory, comprising most of the present counties of Plymouth, Barnstable, and Bristol, together with a small tract of land on its southerly side, now included within the limits of Rhode Island, contained about eleven hundred square miles, or about one seventh of the present territory of this Commonwealth.
do not include the Palais Royal, which was built by the Orleans branch of the Bourbon family, nor any of the spacious edifices erected for the several Ministers of State and for the transaction of public business.
He even darkly hinted that their success might be extended, with proper caution, in such a manner as to include the destruction of all whom they had reason to hate.
hey include every object, which can administer to his wants, or mul.. tiply the sources of his happiness.
I thought he was creeping down that way, but I was not prepared for a leap spanning sue h a tremendous parenthesis of boarders as this change of position included.
, ordered the men of the household -- including in those days the fowler and falconer, and half a dozen grooms and many a supernumerary more, whom we in these degenerate times have long discarded as incumbrances, to have their arms in readiness -- for every manor-house then had its regular armory -- and to prepare the great bell of the Hall, to summon all the tenants on the instant in case such proceedings should be needful.
Susan suggested, that it was a pity such an opportunity should be confined to their children, and mentioned two or three worthy families whose children might be included.
When Boston society is spoken of, no person dreams of including in the collective idea the masters and sub-masters
The compliment deserves my best courtesy; but I feel interested to have your sex included in it, because, as I am not quite young enough for a boy of fifteen, I expect I shall have to content myself with such small remnant of a heart as
It includes, under one comprehensive term, the legislative, executive, and judiciary powers, that are habitually exercised through the corresponding departments of the government, as these powers originally existt ogether in the hands of the people.
The northern boundary was afterwards extended to a line drawn from the mouth of the Yazoo river due east to the Chatahouchee, that the colony might include the settlements at Natchez.
1 The charter included within its limits the whole colony of New Haven; and as this was done without the consent of
His petition to leave the country for the sake of procuring medical aid in England for his eyes was granted, and his property was not included in the list of confiscations on account of his adherence to the mother country.
There was no help for it; I was a Virginian-my godfathers had promised and vowed, in my name, that all men were equally free (including, of course, the race of poor Gumbo), that the idea of a monarchy is absurd, and that I had the right to alter my form of government at pleasure.
The trees are rapid growing, with ample and lofty heads, and broad, light green, waved leaves- The fruit is more or less heart-shaped, with rich, tender sweet flesh * (This includes the Meriners and Gmniers of the French, which seem to us, practically, not distinct.)
You include the grounds about the houses?
This reference includes the royal regulation or order of October loth, 1754, which has been so often mentioned, and which belongs to the 3 1st article of the Laws of the Indies.
That moment, every slave in the United States was /z/ free; and, if our colored friends had taken advantage of the declaration here made, and laid in their claim to be included in the family of man, and as a portion of the people of the United States, we do not see, we can not see, how their claim could have been disallowed by the men of that age.
And in this case it will be immaterial whether the inventor has the monopoly of the compounding or the composition, since the monopoly of either, will, in effect, include both.
There is a third class of literary productions which might, perhaps, be generally included under one or the other of the above heads, but which, to avoid ambiguity, will be separately considered.
The domestic constitution stands in no way parallel simply with the four forms of society that make up the union of humanity as a whole it includes them all rather in its single nature, in the way of beginning and germ.
UNDER the head of Trade, Commerce, and Transportation is included every species of exchange of products of the surpluses of industry.
In our times extensive and important applications have been made of it, so that it now includes an explanation of all the phenomena of reflexion, refraction, polarization, double refraction, interference.
Beyond them lay the harbour in full display of its beauty and glory, its islands and ships, - the Castle, the very spot with which is associated tle most fascinating portion of the history of one of my grandfathers, the House of Industry and its companion, and near them the famous Heights of Dorchester, now included within the limits of the city
that the passage which describes the Western boundary of the territory included in that Grant, and which boundary was agreed at the time of the Treaty of 1783, to be the Eastern boundary of Massachusetts, in conformity with the provision contained in the Charter of Massachusetts of 1691, is susceptible of a new interpretation varying in important particulars from the received one; and we show, by a literal translation of the Latin, that the boundary was intended to run from the most western waters of the St. Croix to the sources of the Chaudi * re; a line, which it has been seen, coincides in a very striking manner with the boundary in the Sieur De Mont's Grant of 1603. "
Children, &c.; Time included -- from the afternoon of one day to the close of the following.
of St. Lawrence and Chesapeake Bay, on one side, to the shores of Oregon and Washington, on the other, with the broad water-shed that is drained into the chain of lakes from Ontario to Superior, prolonged as it is by railroads and canals to the Atlantic on the east, and to the Rocky Mountains in the west, - if we then extend our eye over those mountains to the Pacific, and take in the whole, including, on both sides, the headwaters of the St. Lawrence, Mississippi, Missouri, and Columbia, thus linked and clamped together, not only by nature, but already to some extent, and in the future to an extent beyond our wildest dreams, by art, -- we can not find words to express, or figures to measure, the infinite and ever-multiplying benefits that must ensue from releasing this vast tract of country from all legislative and international impediments, and allowing the arts of peace and the genius of commerce to spread their blessings, unconfined and unrestricted
Those inhabitants, among whose rights guaranteed to them by the treaty no right of sovereignty or jurisdiction over the territory was included, were taken, with great propriety, under the tutelage and training of the republic; and the territory of Orleans, as it was then called, (now the State of Louisiana,) was not permitted to become a State, or to acquire any shadow of sovereignty, till it had learned to use in its public proceedings our mother-tongue, the language of the one // American people.
Now this American translation, here alluded to, is not the one prepared under the authority of the Government of the United States, and included in one of the statements submitted to the King of Holland, but is one made for and added to a report of a committee of the Legislature of the
She expresses much surprise that her accounts balanced exactly with what he was willing to crive her, though she never included in them the sums she gave away.
Among Greenough's works, interesting to individuals, may be included a marble basrelief executed for Miss Sarah Gibbs, of Newport, R. I.
The first variety, which admits the reality of outward and local developments of force, but denies their dependence upon material causes, includes two subordinate varieties; one monotheistic, and the other pantheistic.
It had, then, a right to fix for itself a reasonable and natural boundary, including contiguons vacant territory; and was not bound to stop short of a strip from 150 to 250 miles wide, immediately contiguous and unoccupied, because the next convenient natural and reasonable boundary would include some fe * v people who had belonged to other states or settlements in the Mexico that was, who had not united with them in their new organization of a state, especially when such a boundary was a great river, extending the whole length of the state, and was the ancient boundary of the
It gives to the latter, also, the appointment of the members of the judiciary department, including even justices of the peace and sheriffs: and the appointment of officers in the executive department, down to captains in the army and navy of the state.
Among the effects of hope, it is scarcely necessary to observe that joy is especially included, since this is confessedly its most natural and evident result.
This of course, if accepted, included present liberty, and pardon for all past offences.
That in Scotland, for instance, contains about a hundred subjects, but who, with their families included, amount to two hundred and fifty souls, all supported from the labors of the blind, conjointly with the funds of the Institution.
The following additional observations upon New-Orleans, its parish, and neighbourhood, convey, at a glance, the general resources of this region of country, besides containing much information not embodied in the work: -- " The parish of Orleans includes the city
Delaware could no more have been included if she had declined to assent, than Canada or Vermont, who did not send delegates to the body.
No matter how many are included in this general phrase, but German and French at least are indispensable.
It included, also, those for the several families; and care was taken that each household should employ the materials furnished for its own use in the manner that was intended, so that no one should be unprovided with necessary apparel.21 In this domestic labor all the female part of the establishment was expected to join.
It includes both the independent and the pauper - the native and the
to the commons, was not much less than to pave the way for the rule of the populace, if we include under that name the mass of indigent citizens.
Thus in our own literature, the few small, but precious gems of poetry that fell from the pens of Gray, Collins and Goldsmith, occupy a larger space in the public mind, and constitute for all practical purposes a more important part of the national literature, than the whole mass of the voluminous but unfinished works of the earlier poets, including even Dryden.
If this fact were well established, and there was no particular reason for establishing the boundary which would include people so situated in the new state, there would be great force in this argument.
Sir Ronald Thou art soaring away, beautiful bird, Upon thy pinions into distant land, Bathing thy downy bosom's loftiest flight In welkin zephyrs.
and bolted to its place; and the car is then drawn to the land, suspended by rings from a hawser which has previously been stretched from the ship to the shore.
A neighboring farmer, into whose land the acres in question made an awkward elbow, was anxious to buy Solomon's title, and dispossess the unlawful occupant.
The day previous to our landing was a Sunday, and I was pleased to observe the decorum which pervaded the ship.
In the very paragraph of the compact which contains the stipulation, it is stated, by way of description and recital, that the President of the United States has directed that a treaty should be held with the Creeks; ' and, in a previous paragraph, the United States engage to open a land-office, for the disposition of the vacant lands thus ceded, to which the Indian title has been, or may hereafter be, extinguished. '
The Pawnee and his bride enjoyed the blessings of summer in another land.
Go, tourist, where the Genesee, In falling, shakes the solid land!
The Catholic army (says Antonio Agapida) entered Moclin in solemn state, not as a licentious host intent upon plunder and desolation, but as a band of Christian warriors coming to purify and regenerate the land.
He thus established and perfected an institution, which was to last through all ages, and extend over all lands, and be the means of completing the great work of redemption.
The land rose with a gentle elevation from the river, was level, smooth, and covered with a verdure as rich and fragrant as can clothe the surface of nature beneath the warmth
Athens, with all her faults, is still my own, my beautiful, my beloved land.
Merely to die is nothing, for the firm confidence with which my soul hangs on that Saviour, at whose holy altar I once hoped myself to minister, removes all fear, and rather makes the summons welcome, as a call to brighter realms and higher joys; but the thought that I no more can help this bleeding land, nor prop its failing fortunes -- this is my grief, my bitter grief.
And Henry came, and the scene of his first detection, and the form of the friend he had betrayed, in a distant land.
a blessing and honour to the land, made me more and more ashamed of myself.
Very extensive mill privileges are gained by the aid of a cross dam, running from the principal one to a point of land in Roxbury, which divides the reserveir or full basin on the west, from the running or empty basin on the east.
As private citizens are bound to obey those laws of the land which are not contrary to the will of God, so the ministers of justice are under a moral obligation to execute these laws; unless they are entrusted with discretionary powers to dispense with their execution in particular cases.
It is the land of Death -- the land of the Grave.
The sea rose between the assailant and his prey, -- the storm parted them, and while the feebler vessels of Melendez, partially under the security of the land, swept back towards the settlement which he had made on shore, the brigantines and bateaux of Ribault were forced to rejoin their greater vessels, and they all bore away to sea before the gale.
Many animals were seen at different times in the vicinity of the sea, some on the land, and others flying freely over the water.
taken place within the last thirty years is said to be gre ' * ter than the whole averaqe product of the land of this country, and that increase has been obtained by the application of l'bor to the extent of twenty, forty, eighty, or one hundred shillings per acre; being less than the cost of the wild lands of the West to the settler, if we estimate his actual expenditure from the time he sets out on his pilgrimage until he is enabled to clear and cultivate as much as enables him to obtain subsistence for himself and his family, and 38 Jan., // provide a proper shelter for them.
Barbary, whence these Moors came, is a land of sorcery and their neighbor Egypt is the home of magicians.
Mary seated herself at it, and after a short, but beautiful prelude, she commenced one of Burns ' plaintive songs, to a tune which was new to me, but which was obviously from the poet's own land, and by one who felt the inspiration of his verse.
It is an interesting, and yet a melancholy sight, to see the poor outcasts from their own German land, in all the quaint fashions of frock and head-dress, which have outlasted centuries, trooping along in the middle of the gayest scenes of Paris-exiled forever from one home, and wholly uncertain where the future one will be. "
Few suns set on that dismal scene, My wounds were still unsear'd and green, When thundering on with trump and drum, I heard again the war-horse come, Like gathering tempest, big and black, That through the forest wings its track, Sweeping and tearing all that stand, And desolating wood and land.
I would jest land as many of us as could be spared, with cutlasses and boarding-pikes " -- " And pistols, " interrupted another. "
They drew the people together from all parts of the land, and werd well calculated to render them not only pious, but social and happy.
Out of her sight I passed hours of misery -- hours when the accusing voices drowned out every harmony of life; when those pursuing eyes, which coffin and turf could not cover, or grave-stone seal together, looked into mine, till I longed to take refuge from them in the still land
This practice created a class of tenants, or compelled the colonists to buy their lands of the large owners; it also made great
Georgia remonstrated against it on the single ground, that it belonged to her, as a separate State, to treat with Indians occupying a part of the land within her chartered limits.
War drove his iron car from land to land, And scattered rage and ruin from his hand; Pale Europe trembled with the cannon's roar, And helpless anguish wailed on every shore.
Here were assembled the judges of the land, the ministers of religion, the legislators of the state and nation, several of the heroes of the revolution, and numerous eminent literary characters from various parts of the United States, to unite with the younger sons of Harvard, in offerings of affectionate gratitude to a man, who had no gifts of power or titles of honor to bestow; but whose useful
As recently administered and regarded, the presidential arm is clothed with thunder, and whatever bolt is shot forth rattles and blazes through the whole length of the land, scattering dismay, confusion, and ruin.
By the third article of this latter treaty, the United States stipulate that the inhabitants of the ceded territory shall be maintained and protected in the free enjoyment of their liberty, property, and the religion which they profess; and in execution of this article, so far as it respected real property, Congress immediately proceeded to establish, in various parts of the province, Boards of Commissioners, to examine and report upon all claims for lands made by the inhabitants under
He lands among us, falls into some circle, good or bad, as the case may be, hears them speak in strong terms of their party adversaries, is able to make none of that secret
The realities of the world affected me as visions, and as visions only, while the wild ideas of the land of dreams became, in turn, not the material of my every-day existence, but in very deed that existence utterly and solely in itself.
It is from this clause of the Constitution alone that Congress derives the power to provide for the surveys and sale of the public lands and all other property belonging to the United States, not only in the Territories, hut also in the several States of the Union.
we shall sooner clear the land of these devils, than if we huddle about our own hearths.
Ireland // itself, wretched, starving Ireland, is owned, as it were, in counties, by the English and Irish nobility and gentry; it is carved out into monster estates, which are leased piecemeal to middlemen and great farmers, who again subdivide and underlet the land which they hire, till the division is brought down to the little conacre patches of the miserable peasants.
It is his inheritance, secured to him not by the laws of the land, but by the common consent of mankind.
Having thus spoken, Mary Hamilton accepted the aid of the earl's proffered arm, and both together leisurely descended the hill, intently gazing upon the sea, they did so as if watching the slow progress of the ship, which was now standing in towards the land.
Dacotah, 12 201 Richmond, 6 207 Monteville, 5 212 Homer, 10 222 Winona, 7 229 Fountain City, 12 241 Mount Vernon, 14 255 Minneiska, 4 259 Alma, 15 274 Wabashaw, 10 284 Nelson's Landing, 3 287 Reed's Landing, 2 289 Foot of Lake Pepin, 2 291 North Pepin, 6 297 Johnstown, 2 299 Lake City, 5 304 Central Point, 2 306 Florence, 3 309 Maiden Rock, 3 312 Westerville, 3 315 Wacouta, 12 327 Red Wing, 6 333 Thing's Landing, 7 340 Diamond bluff, 8 348 Prescott, 13 361 Point Douglass, 1 362 Hastings, 3 365 Grey Cloud, 12 377 Pine Bend, 4 381 Red Rock, 8 389 Kaposia, 3 392 St. Paul, 5 397 The scenery on the upper Mississippi is reputed to be beautiful.
A charter intended to convey political power only would never contain words expressly granting the land, the soil, and the waters.
The agitations in Ireland, Scotland, and Wales have long been on the verge of bloody conflict, and a Land League has been formed in Germany at Berlin, of which Dr. A. Theodor Stamm is president, having for its object the transfer of land ownership from individuals to the State.
It is not uncommon for the land speculators to sell a farm to a respectable settler at an unusually low price, in order to give a character to a neighbourhood where they hold other lands, and thus to use him as a decoy duck for friends or countrymen.
Our own land still spreads out before the enterprising young man so many millions of untilled acres, that it would seem to be a plain indication of Providence, that for some time to come we should be an agricultural people.
Napoleon, preferring land to money, holds the old homestead plantation, which he has most singularly divided and subdivided into tracts after the plan of the map of Europe.
This definition is, however, essentially different from the other, and confounds that rent, " which is paid for the use of the original and indestructible powers of the soil, " with that paid in consequence of the advance in the price of raw produce from restrictions on the trade in corn, and the monopoly which in some countries is connected with the possession of land.
from Poems (1844) Birds fly away over land and sea, Seeking their sunny home; The winds are wandering strong and free, Wherever they choose to roam.
But though the green palmy cliffs of the land soon loomed on the starboard bow, and with delighted nostrils the fresh cinnamon was snuffed in the air, yet not a single jet was descried.
He talks of a class of men who play upon the public sympathies, who make a trade of philanthropy and live by it, whose benevolence is according to their mere instincts and sensibilities, and without regard to God's comprehensive government is always exclusively on one side, and that the side of crime, lawlessness, and violence-who are spreading abroad a new visionary philosophy and literature which subject scripture to the interpretation of the intuitional reason, and corresponding impulses of a romantic sensibility, and plead for the boasted dignity and perfectibility of man, and set up his imaginary rights above his duties, and his happiness above his virtue; who are encouraged by selfish and time-serving politicians, and are doing much mis- chief iu the land.
When the French wanted to get a commanding site for a post on the Iroquois lands, near Niagara, Joncaire was the man to manage it.
Twysden was thrown into the Tower for defending his client as Mr. Sloane, at Sandusky, has just been punished by the honor able court of the United States for a similar offence, but after a few days made a confession of his " error, " defending the just laws of the land,, promised to offend no more, and was set at liberty, ignominiously leaving his client to defend himself and be defeated.
Circassia, the land of beauty and oppression, whose noble valleys produce such miracles of female loveliness, and whose level plains are the vivid scenes of such terrible struggles; where a brave, unconquerable peasantry have, for a very long period, defied the combined powers of the whole of Russia, and whose daughters, though the children of such brave sires, are yet taught and reared from childhood to look forward to a life of slavery in a Turkish harem as the height of their ambition -- Circassia,
The fearful consumption of human life which (Irained the land, sweeping off almost one entire generation of able-bodied men, and leaving the tillage of the fields to the decrepitude of age, feebly aided by female hands, gave ample opportunity to gratify the ardent minds panting to exchange the tame drudgery of school and college for the limited, but to them world-wide, authority of the subaltern's sword and epaulet.
On one side, the river is continually forming new land
To the land he has left, that name belongs for ever, and in no instance does he bestow it upon another. "
The dawn steals up the eastern sky, Gray vapors hang o'er sea and land, On the rank grass dews lightly lie That cool by night the heated sand, And from the tall palmetto's top, On the low roof, fall drop by drop.
She gazed on the land which had, in truth, been her country, until its outlines were lost in the haze of falling night; and then, ordering her couch to be spread on the deck al fresco, commanded the pilot to awaken her should the coast be in sight at daybreak.
I hope not,  muttered Rose to herself, in the back-ground; " this a'n't to be the land for them that strut in scarlet broadcloth and gold epaulets,
Take away party hostility, and these scenes xviii not be of so frequent occurrence, and perchance a little time may be gained for the consideration of subjects so momentous as the tariff, the currency, the proper disposal of the public lands, the fisheries, and reciprocity of trade with the British Colonies.
The next preceding clause of the act, which speaks of lands " included within the limits of any incorporated town, " implies the contrary, in making separate provision for a township existing by special or public authority.
Oh that I had been born in such a land!
At the commencement of the enterprise Napoleon had promised, to each of his soldiers, seven acres of land.
It is appointed for the residence of the agent of the United States with the Creek Indians (he, however, was absent at this time), and is situated in a very handsome tract of land on the left side of the Flint river, which rushes over a rocky bed between pretty steep banks.
It further declared that all lands should be held in free and common socage according to the tenure of East Greenwich in England; that in all criminal cases there should be a trial by jury; that estates of femes covert should be conveyed only by deed upon privy examination; that wills in 1 1 Chalmers's Annals, 579, 580. a 1 Chalmers's Annals, 581, 583; Smith's New York, 123, 125, 126 72, 75.
Cousin,  exclaimed the abbe, turning to the young duke, " cousin of Noirmoutier, if you have done this thing, you are not only a disgrace to our name and race, but to the very land you live in.
In France and Switzerland, also, he who tills the land is the owner of it, and, small though his property be, its product is sufficient for his wants.
Houses and lands have, indeed, a real value; never theless, if everybody wished to sell them at the same time, what would become of it?
, I wished him to believe that I was in a foreign land.
those sections, his conclusion was, that the ordinance contained no authority to a sub-delegate to grant lands in reward of any other services, of which description were those rendered by Soulard.
At this time Athens too had fallen from her high estate, but her walls were crowded with the young, the rich, the noble, the aspiring, from every land; parents named their children after the great men of her history; kings and princes came on classic pilgrimages to her shrines; and Adrian thought the title of emperor not glorious enough, until he had added that of Archon of Athens.
land, bearing engraven upon its face the story of their nation's greatness or of its wrongs.
In fine, as it seems to me, there is nothing of the present case, in so far as appears by the questions presented, and the official reports and statement by which they are explained, except a convict of claim to two or three sectional subdivisions of land between different sets of preemptors, one set being avowed municipal preemptors, and the other professed agricultural preemptors, but both sets having in reality the same ulterior purposes in regard to the use of the land.
The land was hung in crape, and one convulsive sob shook the heart of the nation.
luxury and heedless expense, by want of calculation and a worthy aim, as the million households in the land; and the only cure for it, as for them, is in a rigid economy, a stern and more than Spartan simplicity of life and elevation of purpose.
Who o'er the wide, wide sea hast flown, -- To make our lovely land thine own: Thou askest of a brother Bard That which he deems severe and hard; A task to which he will demur, -- A song in praise of Mauvaiseterre; For he's been thinking all along, -- That neither stream is worthy of a song.
But whether there be a revenue standard of the public lands, or what that standard is, if there be one, we are not informed.
It was not held to be necessary that the Parliament should, as in our time, fix the amount of the land force.
The God of Blood, in some lands, demanded the offerings of an lnquisition, pledged to do the works of hell on earth, on the victims of persesution, slain without mercy on the battle fields of bigotry.
Yet cautious as in foeman's land, Lord Marnion's order speeds the band, Some opener ground to gain; And scarce a furlong had they rode, When thinner trees, receding show'd, A little woodland plain.
like my friends before, I'd strive till life-blood is no more; Like them, I think the only path Of safety from the ruffian's wrath, Is sword to sword, and man to man, To drive these villains from our land.
In the case of Jackson against Lamphire where the attempt was made to set up a covenant against a State by implication, the Supreme Court held this language: " The patentcontains no covenant to do or not to do any farther act in relation to the land, and we do not feel ourselves at liberty in this case to create one by implication. "
You say your son has courted the girl, " said the deacon, after a long pause; " that strip of land is the best part of Susan's share; I paid down five hundred dollars on the nail for it; I've got papers here that Judge Smith and Squire Moseley say will stand good in any court of law. "
content to remain quiet in his new home, and there repent of his many sins, but immediately got up an immense land speculation, by which he hoped to build a village on his grounds, and thus make another fortune.
Their eyes were gloating over the lands of our neighbor, lying between the proper limits of Texas and the Great North River of the Mexicans; including parts of four other departments of Mexico, with Santa F *, and then stretching away to the Pacific, and embracing the best portions, or the whole, of the Californias: and heaven knows how much more besides.
Lands and ages are described mainly by the memoirs of their representative men; and it is not events or institutions, but personages, that sustain interest in the narrative.
As soon as Londonderry had fallen, and it was universally supposed that the fall of Londonderry could not be long delayed, he might cross the sea with part of his forces, and land in Scotland, where his friends were supposed to be numerous.
Here I am in the land of my forefathers; here I can enjoy all those rights which a benevolent God hath so liberally vouchsafed to man; here I can exercise and improve my gifts and graces in enlightening, instructing, and exhorting the benighted sons of the forest in the truths of the Christian religion; here I can bow down in
New England Rum at 3 s 10 d a gallon by the hogshead or barrel, exclusive of 13 s 4 d for the hogshead, or 4 s for the barrel, and 4 s 6 d by the single gallon, at the town where the same is distilled, and so in like proportion for smaller quantities, according to the old and approved customs for retailing smaller quantities, allowing one penny each ten miles for every gallon that has been or shall be transported by land from the place of distillery. "
The power here given to define a felony at sea, implies an admission, that if such a power were not given, Congress would be excluded the use of the power altogether; and it further implies, that the power of defining felonies on land, solely and exclusively belongs to the States.
At an early hour, the whole city was in motion; almost every man, woman and child was preparing to witness the landing of their much respected guest.
/q/ In speaking of food of plants of the most essential and proper nature, I have never found any that answers a better purpose than well rotted manure from the stable yard, as horse, cow, or hog manure placed in a heap for fermentation with a quantity of loam, or peat incorporated therewith; this compost should be well rotted and mixed before it is carried on the land.
Stranger and sojourner as I am in the land, though for me no social hearth may blaze, no hospitable roof throw open its doors, nor the warm grasp of friendship welcome me at the threshold, yet I feel the influence of the season beaming into my soul from the happy looks of those around me.
But though by the mercy of God, and the wisdom of our fathers, we are personally strangers to this form of wretchedness; yet we have seen multitudes of greater sufferers in this land of the free, than can be found in Austrian dungeons.
A man may be put at a point where - as Napoleon was, or Wellington in Spain, or Sir John Moore in the north of Portugal, or Olive in India - he can make a special providence for a nation, for a race, for an age, for one land or for the globe I Now God can do a great deal more than man, and a great deal better.
This was the second day of practice in the elementary lessons of forest travelling; in which, however, they had been sufficiently fortunate as to get a taste of " buttermilk land, " -- " spouty land, " -- and to learn the nature of " mash land " -- " rooty and snaggy land " -- of mud holes, ordinary and extraordinary -- of quick sands -- and " corduroys " woven single and double twill -- and even fords with and without bottom.
As I daily passed through this lane of beggars, who thronged the docks as the Hebrew cripples did the Pool of Bethesda, and as I thought of my utter inability in any way to help them, I could not but offer up a prayer, that some angel might descend, and turn the waters of the docks into an elixir, that would heal all their woes, and make them, man and woman, healthy and whole as their ancestors, Adam and Eve, in the garden.
On their way homeward, Flemming and the Baron passed through a narrow lane, in
Witnesses -- Mary Wolcott, Ann Putman, Abigail Williams, Samuel Pearly, and his wife Ruth, Joseph Andrews, and wife Sarah, John Sherrin, Joseph Safford, Francis Lane, Lydia Foster, Isaac Cummins, jr.
, and mighty in some nominal distinction which he hath himself taken without cause, and which courtesy merely allows him, or that he may have by chance obtained by hard service as a veteran, by marching and countermarching a ragged train of levies through lane and street under a destructive and heavy fire from that enemy of citizen soldiers, a raging sun; (whose power affords him an opportunity of boasting of the severity of his discipline, though in reality he may have a mortal antipathy to that villanous saltpetre that is dug from out the bowels of the earth; ' and loveth no kind of smoke except the smoke of his segar; for that bears resemblance to his own bravery -- being a great deal of smoke to a little fire, and is alone kept alive by repeated puffings;) -- yet fear, the very reverse of courage, hath oftentimes called it forth: many cowards, driven to desperation, have acted like brave men -- dastards in their whole lives, have, when thrust forth
I beg most kind remembrance to her, and ever am, " My very dear friend, most cordially yours, /z/ " Grove Lane, Sept. 25th, 182$. "
There were several beaux of their brother's acquaintance from Gray's Inn Lane and Hatton Garden,
At this moment the sleigh was seen coming up the lane, and Mrs. Wharton hastened to get ready to accompany the doctor to the Hemlocks. "
The health of the manufacturers of New England is not worse, nor even as delicate as the people in cities, particularly in those parts of cities where the poor live, generally in confined and dirty lanes.
I can not but turn aside, while thus speaking of illustrious men, to observe that St. Michael's, Crooked Lane, contains also the ashes of that doughty champion, William Walworth, Knight, who so manfully clove down the sturdy wight, Wat Tyler, in Smithfield -- a hero worthy of honorable blazon, as almost the only Lord Mayor on record famous for deeds of arms, the sovereigns of Cockney being generally renowned as the most pacific of all potentates.
They passed through a gate, then across a little lane, then through a gate on the other side of the lane, which led into the barn-yards.
While I was indulging in one of these paroxysms of feeling, a boy who lived with Mr. Saunders appeared at the end of the lane leading to our house.
Paul hurried through the strip of wood, and descended the steep bank into the lane, which led from the Wissahikon to the Schuylkill.
The moment a boat's crew get ashore, a half a dozen of these Hog lane men surround them, entice them into their shops, and, with the aid of spirituous liquors, seldom fail of obtaining all their cash. "
Two roads meet beside the bridge; one, the continuation of the lane, winds around yonder cluster of cottages and skirts the mill-dam, which, framed in woods, sparkles before us.
The lane by which I was wont to reach the demesne of Ditton, partook in an eminent degree of this character, being very narrow, winding about continually without any apparent cause, almost completely embowered by the tall hawthorn hedges, and the yet taller oaks and ashes which grew along their lines, making, when in full verdure, twilight of noon itself, and commanding no view whatever of the country through which it ran, except when a field-gate or cart-track opened into it, affording a glimpse of a lonely meadow, bounded, perhaps, by a deep wood-side.
Whenever I saw her coming down the lane, I used involuntarily to exclaim, " Betty Fye!
The lane and the surrounding neighbourhood were filled with persons of the lowest order, and of the most depraved habits.
Still, among the adherents of the cause, the inquiry arose, Shall the Church go to Knuckle Lane, or Knuckle Lane come to the Church?
Descending the hill, we passed through a gate, opening into a narrow lane, bordered on either side with thick clumps of trees, and the luxuriant wild shrubbery which grows by the streams and along the roads throughout the south; and after winding through ravines and
Yes, if Kitty will wrap him up well, " was the answer, and the sleigh flew down the lane, and was soon out of sight.
Mary and Bella walked on across the barn-yard until they got to the back side of the barn, when they found Thomas turning the cows into a little green lane which led to the pasture
As we rattled along the lane of blue water which wound gracefully ahead to the westward, the shores of Cornwallis Island rapidly revealed themselves, and offered little that was striking or picturesque.
A City at present is a heterogeneous mass of small and separate houses of all sizes, shapes, colors, styles and materials, which are crowded together without regard to architectural unity or design, convenience or elegance; it is cut up with irregular and narrow streets, dark lanes, confined courts, and cramped yards and alleys; it has its dirty and muddy streets, that annoy the inhabitants; its filthy gutters that fill the atmosphere with noxious exhalations which are injurious to health, and presents a scene of confusion, incoherence, waste and disorder.
Shall the Redferns, and the Tillingtons, and the Tissingtons, of Victoria Square, -- shall Governor Dennington, and Mayor Langreen, and Judge Burp, of the city generally, -- be doing and acting, -- sending bread, and sympathy, and encouragement, to the Fuzzles, and Whimps, and Slavers, of Knuckle Lane, and these parties never see each other?
The path she took was a green lane, famous for lover's rambles, that led towards the East River.
Mrs. Gudgeon Come, come, children, you have been long enough in the orchard -- the paradise orchard, as I call it: When Robert courted me by the well or the big walnut tree in the lane, it was always " Margery, Margery, you are awhile foddering the turkeys -- is the Muscovy gander got among them agin and troubling you? "
After turning from the main road up a narrow lane, so thickly shaded with forest-trees as to give it a complete air of seclusion, we came in sight of the cottage.
This amusing request, as arrogant as it was ridiculous, serves to exhibit the questionable position which the great tragedian occupied in the estimation of the Covent Garden company, and will remind the reader of the advice given by a certain little actor of the /z/ Drury Lane stock, who on several occasions recommended Mr. Kean, previous to his appearance, not to loiter upon the bench in the hall, as was the custom, but to attend the front of the house, and profit by the good acting he there might have an opportunity to behold.
He heard footfalls, as he thought, approaching in the lane, and, as he was about crossing it, he saw a person start from under a door-way, as if he had
They said there was no religion in it, -- that to introduce the subject of Knuckle Lane and the Griped Hand into their pulpits was a desecration, -- that they ought to preach the Gospel, and not exciting topics, etc., etc.
and turning the corner of a narrow, fenced lane which extended from the river to the forest-covered marshes -- " there it is, gentlemen, " -- and at the same time extended his arm in the direction of the peaceful plain, which we had before observed, -- spread out like a carpet, it was so very level -- till it terminated in the distant forests, by which and the river it was nearly enclosed.
The stones that once obstructed the way had been carefully placed -- not thrown-along the sides of the lane, so as to
But, as we were saying, -- Schools were not so common at that time as now, and as there was none nearer the Trotters than Huckleberry Lane, in the Upper Parish, and as there was a quarrel between the Upper and the Lower parishes, old Trotter, who belonged with the Lower, felt bound to stand by that section, -- though he knew nothing about the quarrel, -- and
Lane Seminary was the pride and hope of the church.
Pausing in a narrow lane, he held up the scroll.
Toward the west, the lane descending, a hill was lost in the mazes of the woods.
He described the place pretty exact, and I knew it must be in this lane. "
/z/ " In reply to the Circular, dated Theatre Royal, Drury Lane, Feb. 24th, the proprietors of Covent Garden Theatre feel it incumbent on them to state to the public, the following facts: " 1st.
Any garret or cellar in the dirtiest lane or darkest alley, will be good enough for me.
The smoke curled upward from the chimneys of the suburban districts, and little rustic girls and boys were seen in all directions, hurrying homeward with their arms full of shavings -- old women, too, with their bags of rags, betook themselves somewhere -- Heaven only knows whether they had any homes, or where they went -- at any rate, with backs bent under their awful burdens, they turned into lanes and alleys, and disappeared.
Over the ways of the city, and in the suburban lanes; in the glens and dells of the forest, and the distant slopes of the blue hills; over the mounds of the silent dead, where the germs of infinite life are planted, - - where, like pearls, lying beneath the earth-billows, they will sleep in their sealed shells until, from the eastern gates of heaven, springs the eternal dawn, which shall gather them in, clothed with new light, to be set amongst the crown-jewels of God, - - the sweet clover, the tender grass, and wild flowers were springing together.
He said No, and produced another paper, purporting to be a cominission, also signed by Lane.
At twelve o'clock to-night, the carriage is to be waiting, in the narrow lane, beyond the Wissahikon, about half a mile from this place.
At the corner where the narrow lane enters into the street, they come plump against the old merchant, whose tortoise motion has just brought him to that point.
A mile below, is Bridgwater and the ruins of some large mills, which were destroyed by the Americans after the battle of Lundy's Lane.
He shot, hunted, and fished, and " when no active amusement presented itself, would sometimes spend whole days in riding about the lanes on his old pony, with an amusing book in his hand. "
At the end of the lane, our travellers stood, gazing in silence upon the prospect.
By this time, a great crowd had gathered; the bells were ringing; the cry of fire sounded through the city; and the noise of the engine bells and wheels was heard in the lane, as the hose-men ran to and fro, unreeling the hose.
Haudreds of them toilsomely lived, and obscurely perished, in the same dark lanes and alleys where they first saw the light; and these two alone of them all, children of fortune, favorites of blind accident, are raised aloft as symbols of a destiny which all might have reached!
Next, I came to a hawthorn lane, leading down very prettily to a nice little church; a mossy little church; a
There was a strip of wood to be passed, a lane to be crossed, a gentle hill to be ascended, and then his feet would press the wild grass of the winding road which led to the gate of the Monastery.
These lanes are clothed with a profusion of trees and wild shrubbery, often almost to the carriage tracks, and curve and wind about, in a manner quite bewildering to the stranger who attempts to thread them alone; and there are more hints here for the lover of the picturesque in lanes, than /z/ we ever saw assembled together in so
Daniel Lane's account of my escape from him, looked so unreasonable to slaveholders, that many of them charged him with selling me and keeping the money; while others believed that I had got away from him, and was then in the neighborhood,
The characters that we have already enumerated, were sustained by Mr. Booth, during the season, to large and admiring audiences, notwithstanding John Philip Kemble was very attractive at the same house, and Kean was equally successful at Drury Lane.
It was a contribution of the Church, Victoria Square, and other parts of the city, or of various individuals in the city, -- or, more systematically, of Religion, Wealth, and Common Sense, -- to Knuckle Lane.
The 16th of July showed more favourable symptoms, and Captain Penny was seen working for a lane of water, a long way in-shore of us.
Who taught him to thread his way through the barberry-bush lanes, and across the beaver-meadows, to find out the true centre of population for their sun-burnt and flaxen-headed little tenantry?
your well-willer, T. G. Passing the gate, Wifflers17: 1 (such Officers as were appointed by the Mayor) to make me way through the throng of the people which prest so mightily vpon me, with great labour I got thorow that narrow preaze17: 4 into the open market place; where on the crosse, ready prepared, stood the Citty Waytes, which not a little refreshed my wearines with toyling thorow so narrow a lane as the people left me: such Waytes (under Benedicite be it spoken) fewe Citties in our Realme haue the like, none better; who, besides
In the same year, 1820, he was engaged at Drury Lane, and on the fifteenth of August appeared as Richmond to Kean's Richard, it being among the last performances of the latter actor, previous to his departure for America.
We walked out to the kitchen, and off to the stables; and, as we turned down a lane behind the stables, we seed father, plain enough, a-walking by himself.
It was soon observed, that as the young clergyman rode from the Hemlocks back to the village, it seemed a difficult matter for him to pass Mr. Wharton's lane, but he often, and then oftener, and at length every day, turned his horse's head up the lane, and stopped to make a call.
sources in Paris whence Covent Garden and Drury Lane borrow), -- without great and studied alteration, -- the adaptor of a French production becomes liable to all the labour of an original writer without entitling himself to equal fame.
wretch began to pick up, as I said before, and in three days was such another woman that nobody could have told that she was the poor crazy thing that ran about the lanes and alleys of the Points.
On the 15th of August a lane of water appearing, they launched their
Had you seen Captain Herbert Tracy's mind as he then rode along the sequestered lane, at the head of his gallant band, you would have discovered many a bitter
And the wild flamens of Cybele, stained By the red vintage, and the countless crowd Of magi, augurs, senators and slaves, Paphians and vestals, through the marble streets, From dusky lanes and sculptured palaces, Temple and forum and Cimmerian den, Outpoured in pageantry or squalid want, Like Scylla's whirlpool floods, to feast on death. '
Still, with that sternly compressed lip and eagle eye, he watched the effect of each discharge, nor hesitated, when he saw glimpses of the clear sky, through the lanes which he made in the Mexican ranks.
The captain was esteemed one of the kindest and best-natured neighbors in Willow Lane, where my father lived; and Julian, the captain's eldest son, very near my own age, was, among all the boys at school, my favorite play-fellow.
On they went, quickening still their pace, and, as they passed the lane, the troop appointed to the duty wheeled off, steadily, but without slackening
Go, look from the window, Janette, down the lane to the woods.
He entered Couycar Lane, and perceived at the end of /q/ that passage the Backwater, which he took for the ocean.
A great variety of forms of address might be used on different occasions, such as the following William Smith Jones, 516 Mark Lane, London.
With admirable foresight, Fairfax resolved to suffer them to clear the broken country ere he should attack them; seeing that, if defeated, the enemy must be cut off among the lanes and passes, which would be choked with fugitives the instant that the battle should be turned into a rout.
A second postern, at a short distance up the lane, gave access to the deer-park -- a wild tract of barren broken land, with many gulleys and ravines, each watered by its gushing streamlet, each clothed with feathery brushwood and tall fern, among which the grey burrowers they came in pursuit of squatted by hundreds.
However, it is a long lane that has no turning, and so it proves in my case.
While pursuing these thoughts he had penetrated into the most solitary and unfrequented recesses, where indeed there was no regular footpath, but only green lanes winding through thick shrubbery, and lofty trees for the accommodation of single horsemen.
Badly, Squire, badly, -- we went up the lane, to the house you told me of.
Come to my calling, Lilly Lane, Like music falling, Come again.
I presume it will be decreed that no more than Forty, Fifty or at most Sixty Thousand single admissions shall be sold in one day, and that each apartment, lane or avenue in the building shall be entered from one prescribed end only and vacated from the other.
The ponderous vehicle stopped short; the guard closed up, forming a lane from
They had crossed the bridge, passed up the hill, and traversed the road along the margin of the Yaupaae, and were now just entering the lane that runs down to the house.
Through and through the solid Mexican masses the round balls cut lanes, and as the serried ranks closed over the bodies of their fallen comrades, fresh discharges mowed them down in their turn.
The walk was rural and quiet, through green lanes that were seldom disturbed except when the house of God was open.
This is the view toward the east, but in the north, the course of the lane is lost to view, amid the dark mass of rocks and woods.
screamed the amiable female bearing that name, standing in the door and directing a withering glance towards Mr. Drudge, who was slowly shambling up the lane completely exhausted and toil-worn. "
Six years have passed, and beneath the old maples sits Nurse Nannie, wrinkled and bent, with a wee babe upon her lap, while a girl of two years and a half plays with her doll upon the lawn, now and then looking up to catch mamma's smile, or to wonder why dear papa looks so grave when Grandmamma Dunmore tells him about the sick man in the cottage at the end of the lane, and his motherless children.
When Robert Lester, now Kyd the pirate, left the presence of Kate Bellamont, without seeking the stone steps that descended to the lawn, he leaped from the low balcony to the ground, and strode, at a pace made quick and firm by the strength of his feelings, towards a gate that opened into the lane in which the inn of Jost Stoll was situated.
The path they had now taken was called by the Dutch sleyk steeg.or mire lane, and led in the rear of the stadt huis, and passing by that building, opened on Coenties slip, whereon the stadthuis fronted; ere entering on the slip, however, they paused a moment to take breath from their hasty flight, and gave a quick glance on the scene before them, while the puissant burgomasters sought to renovate their wearied frames and recover their lost wind, ere they ushered
There are rum-shops hereabouts, and there is the foot of Knuckle Lane,  said a young man. "
the most respectable members of Knuckle Lane, headed by Judge Burp, visited both offices, and explicitly assured the editors that Knuckle Lane had nothing to do with Phumbics; and the matter was dropped from the public prints.
At the end of a lane there was an old sober-looking servant in livery waiting for them; he was accompanied by a superannuated pointer and by the redoubtable Bantam, a little old rat of a pony with a shaggy mane and long rusty tail, who stood dozing quietly by the roadside, little dreaming of the bustling times that awaited him.
As the two gentlemen came into sight, or rather as soon as the sound of their quick, light footsteps -- so unlike the hobnailed tramp of the customary foot travellers -- was heard, it was observed that the three ruffians who had lingered about the tap, gambling and affecting to drink, though eschewing deep potations, slunk away into the darkness, and hurried off in the direction of Hyde Park, up the lane by which their intended prey must pass.
suspicion was directed toward Von Kempelen, on account of his having purchased a considerable property in Gasperitch Lane, and his refusing, when questioned, to explain how he became possessed of the purchase money.
Back, over the mangled forms and shattered instruments of their own musicians, he hurled the formidable lancers, back, over the faces of their slaughtered infantry, back, with that iron shower tearing their pennons, splintering their spears, cutting lanes into their woven ranks, he hurled the chivalry of Mexico, until the shadows of the chaparral alone, saved the wreck of their glittering array.
/z/ Second Night of " Othello " Non-appearance of Booth Cause of his Absence His Letter to the Drury Lane Committee Circular of the Covent Garden Management Counter-Circular of the Drury Lane Proprietors Booth's Note to Mr. Rae Second Circular of the Covent Garden Management Letter of Douglas Kinnaird to H. Harris Booth's re - appearance in Richard, at Covent Garden His Reception Description of the Row Booth's " Appeal to the Public " Concluding Observations.
In the extraordinary situation in whiqh the proprietors of this /z/ theatre are placed by the license assumed by the present Committee of Drury Lane Theatre to disavow the acts of their predecessors, they are compelled to state to the public in corroboration of the direct and honorable confirmation their statement of Tuesday has received from a gentleman, who notoriously stood foremost in the confidence and in the active service of the proprietors of that theatre, that they are ready to prove that the late Mr. Sheridan entered into the agreement in question, whilst the late patent theatres were standing; and that Mr. Whitbread adopted the same in the first year of his superintending the management of the present theatre.
So So, rural damsels; what my pretty lasses, do you attack in ambuscade?
Give me but a friend and a lass, boys, To drive dull care away.
I 'm tauld that Jenny Davis is amaist wud aboot you; an ' she's a nice lass; an ' her father can gie her twa hunner pun ' ony day.
What a comely lass thou hast gotten for me here!
' Ah, Ben, I see you have an understanding eye to the lasses.
He was transferred at once from the formal routine and rigid rules of a college life, where no flirting with the ladies was permitted to be thought of, except the ethereal flirtation of wooing those shy lasses, the sweet and sacred Nine, ' and where nothing in this round world was considered so important, as to have the first appointment in the class, or be able to write the best ode to Hope, or sonnet to Despair, ' and introduced into the society of elegant and, as he thought, the most enchanting people on earth, and to the bustle and business of a large city.
Yes, to drive dull care away, nothing like a lass and a glass -- nothing like it.
Why like any stout lad that loves a lass and liberty, I'll clear her out and myself too, some way or other; so
From her I learned to love " lasses candy; " from her I learned to bate Tom Jefferson.
So here's to the lad who can talk to his lass, And here's
And what so useful as to make my Annie look gayest of all the village lasses?
where Bessie and he talked it all over afresh, before the gaping Irish lasses and sneering mulattos, till they were found to agree in every particular about the " nasty Yankees, " and their ignorance of what's what, and their uppishness. "
Dorriville Well, well, don't despair, Robert, you shall lead your lass to the altar yet.
if you don't give ear, he will wind you long stories -- than of the prettiest lass for whom youthful knight ever put lance in rest.
Hypolito All gentle quarrels in the pastoral poets, All passionate love scenes in the best romances, All chaste embraces on the public stage, All soft adventures, which the liberal stars Have winked at, as the natural course of things, Have been surpassed here by my friend, the student, And this sweet Gipsy lass, fair Preciosa!
Though differing widely from the buxom lasses of England, their prototypes upon this occasion, yet there was something far from disagreeable in these lithe and graceful creatures, with their bright, savage eyes, supple limbs, and elastic movements.
replied Harbottle, " every lad to his own lass.
We sailors love old England, Our king -- our grog and lass -- And for this precious Island, Won'd fight the world en maise.
(I am ashamed to write it, for I have not pronounced one for a long time,) at the Captain for breaking his word with me and leaving before the hour, one of these Scotch lasses said to me imploringly, for our boat had gotten immediately under the stern of the steamer, where she stood, " Oh!
at the castle of the Heer Van Tassel, which he found thronged with the pride and flower of the adjacent country -- old farmers, a spare leathern-faced race, in homespun coats and breeches, blue stockings, huge shoes, and magnificent pewter buckles; their brisk withered little dames, in close crimped caps, long-waisted shortgowns, homespun petticoats, with scissors and pincushions and gay calico pockets hanging on the outside; buxom lasses, almost as antiquated as their mothers, excepting where a straw hat, a fine ribbon, or perhaps a white frock, gave symptoms of city innovation; the sons, in short square-skirted coats with rows of stupendous brass buttons, and their hair generally queued in the fashion of the times, especially if they could procure an eel-skin for the purpose, it being esteemed throughout the country as a potent nourisher and strengthener of the hair.
but you are a father, with a tight, pretty lass of your own; what cares an old widower for bright een and sunny hair?
But when, as he got accustomed to the place, he accosted them with a gentle voice, said a complimentary word for their sign-board, with its full-length sailor's lass -- Hope upon her anchor, or sturdy Strength, standing square upon his pins -- they began at once to have a fancy for the old man.
Thence, he came back, by another route, to Florence, to Mantua, to Padua, and to Venice; visiting gay cities; consorting with cavaliers and choice spirits; romping with rustic lasses; outfacing bluff bandits; and tuning himself up to the key of that wayward, disorderly time, in the best humour of a bon-camarado who wore silken doublet and trusty Toledo.
Both are young, both are pretty; but methinks the left hand lass is
And the Man with the motionless form and corpse-like visage, uttered a burst of hollow laughter as he replied: " Gilbert had spoken of the pretty lass named Madeline.
A coof cam in wi ' rowth o ' gear, And I hae tint my dearest dear; But woman is but warld's gear, Sae let the bonnie lass gang. "
from her father; but the symmetry, so gracefully elegant, the rounded arm, taper fingers and slender foot, were not quite so strictly Vermontese; though these perfections are much oftener possessed by your rural lasses, than the city belle, or the more fastidious city beau, who is usually a perfect Chinese in his admiration of small feet, imagines possible.
Clink your glasses, toast your lasses, set the table in a roar!
from The poetical works (1854) Mine be a pretty country lass, With soft transparency of cheek, Through which, like red wine in a glass, The blushes eloquently speak Of charms that will outlive the rose
These, with a small sprinkling of ebony lasses and their attendant cavaliers, make up
You would have thought a seclusion so entire, from all society of their equals, must have prevented their acquiring those usual accomplishments, those necessary arts, which every English gentlewoman is presumed to possess, as things of course -- that they must have grown up mere ignorant, unpolished country lasses, without taste or aspiration beyond the small routine of their dull daily duties -- that long confinement must have broken the higher and more spiritual parts of their fine natural minds -- that they must have become mere moping household drudges; and so to think would be so very natural, that it is by no means easy to conceive how it was brought to pass, that the very opposite of
Then she would call out, " Get along you, Jack, pokin ' your fingers into the ' lasses cup; make yourself scarce in this kitchen, or I'll crack your head mighty nigh as hard as the new Miss will. "
That is the woman with the blue tire and the lasses cake! "
He was a handsome chap too, and had a keen eye for a pretty lass, or I am mistaken.
says they, " We want nun of your Yankey rue, or pork and lasses; but we will have that likely British boy " -- (meaning me) " whose name is not on your shipping-paper, and who has no legal pertection. "
Well, old gal -- here's to the wind that blows, the ship that goes, and the lass that loves a sailor! '
Yet I must have an eye to the puritanical curmudgeon that this simple lass has the courtesy to call father. "
Surely, old lass, you ' re safe from Time's aggression, His ancient teeth on you can't make impression.
' You're a gay old lass, ' said the Dead Man, without availing himself of the old lady's kind permission -- ' you have been a ' high one ' in your time, but your day is nearly over. '
Our hero, feeling somewhat mortified in finding that his own sweet notes should be mistaken by his drowsy inamorata for the music of some nocturnal band of feline performers, and perceiving by her snoring that she was again relapsing into slumber, resolved to regale her ears with a livelier strain, though with a text no less beautiful and appropriate: -- " Then round the circle let the glass, Yet in the square, convivial pass; And when the sun winds o'er the lea Each lass shall have her jubilee. "
But I knew the position of the old minister's arm-chair, and also where his wife sat, with her knitting-work, and how to avoid his two daughters, one a stout country lass, and the other a consumptive girl.
Quit your flocks and your herds for a while; Hither quickly repair, In our mirth a part share, And each lass her love meet with a smile.
Meanwhile William and I were already on foot, and our mules were led on by the guide's daughter, a pretty little lass of ten or twelve, who accompanied us in the capacity of mule driver.
These were again followed by two serving-women, fair, buxom-looking lasses, with the dark eyes and rich complexions of the sunny south; and an old steward, or major-domo, riding unarmed beside them.
me my ain Peggy, an ' I care na ' wha gets a ' the lave o ' the bonny lasses in the country.
So he forbore to come at her again; and when he was asked the reason why, he said " that Mercy was a pretty lass, but troubled with ill conditions. "
The large branching silver candlesticks, which stood at each side of a full-length picture of General Washington, on the mantel-piece, were richly fringed with white bridal ornaments, after the good old fashion; and as lively a set of lads and lasses as ever moved through the figures of a cotillion, were keeping time to the impetuous thumping of their own hearts, and the long-sweeping bow-hands of two hereditary fiddlers stationed behind the door.
Aye, aye,  said the wife, " Peggy is a tidy lass, an '
At the toll-gate the keeper could only tell me that a very pretty lass, as he called her, had told him in great alarm that an officer was defending himself against two men whom he had found annoying her, and begged him to send to his aid.
Keep thy hood close, and let the lasses alone, and it may save thy neck.
But tell me now, how is your sweetheart, the pretty, plump, black-eyed lass of the woods here, that you used to toast at your oyster suppers in Philadelphia? "
I believe I 'm not quite as neat in my person, and habiliments, as a country lass should be.
Despatch -- dreadful collision and lass o ' life -- Times, Despatch, and Herald " -- and drunken men whom you meet at every few blocks, and people going everywhere but into the church doors.
the sweet lasses say, " There's Doolittle the dandy. "
It seemed to have struck a sympathetic chord in the countryman; for drawing near the good woman, whose exterior expressed very little resemblance to the gentle emblem by which she had chosen to personify herself, he said, kindly smiling, " Bring me a knife, mother, and I'll give you a slice of butter to garnish your tea-table when your comely lasses come home. "
Naething, Tam,  replied the other, " but I had to tak ' some lasses hame frae the market, and I thought I would come back an ' see some mair o ' the fun, an ' gin you ha ' naething better to do, we'll ha ' a naggin together. "
As he approached Broadway, however, the sounds of life and busy movement reached his ear, and he saw half a dozen young lads and lasses issue from a house on his left, dressed in their Sunday gear
But your stage Rosalind is generally the reverse of Amiens -- an arch, vivacious lass, who imparts due effect to the mixture of natural images and domestic ideas suggested by the saucy words of the song.
The daughters of the Clergyman, the Doctor, and the Merchant, (to give every man his title,) are not so graceful, so pretty, or so polite as the lasses of the farm.
Hoot, Peggy, lass, " said he, in an endearing tone, " dinna be sae flirted.
I espied two buxom lasses just now, Jack; they would greatly add to the repast.
I ' m afraid our acquaintance is going to be broke off for a little while, my lass,  replied the captain. "
Whilst he was doing this, I caught sight of a knot of young lasses, who were sitting near us on the grass surrounded by heaps of flowers which they were forming into garlands.
Well, then, I believe that I did see the lass, mon!
Besides, ye maun grant that it was na very creditable for a poor bonny lass, like her, to be ta'en notice to by a rich lookin ' gentleman sa far abune her, in the market.
The morning rose that ushered in the potato digging-day, in which numerous throngs of lads and lasses dressed in their best attire, with light and merry hearts came from all parts of the adjacent country, into the town of Larne; the lads to march to the work of charity and benevolence, the lasses to witness the procession, and reward their lovers as they passed them with their smiles.
The lyrical ballads, jaco " binical and puling with affectation of simplicity as they " were, had undoubtedly a certain merit *: and Wordsworth, " though occasionally a writer for the nursery-masters and " misses, ' Who took theii ' little porringer, And ate their porridge there, ' " now and then expressed ideas worth miitating; but, like " brother Southey, he had his price; and since he is turned " tax-gatherer, is only fit to rhyme about lasses and wag ' ' goners.
said they did; then says I, the lasses are the more fools to let them.
the lads an ' the lasses, an ' the sports o ' a simmer evening, an ' the jokes an ' mirth o ' a lang winter's nicht -- ah!
He wears a broad-brimmed, low-crowned hat; a huge roll of colored handkerchief about his neck, knowingly knotted and tucked in at the bosom; and has in summer-time a large bouquet of flowers in his buttonhole, the present, most probably, of some enamored country lass.
Not those of the bevy of buxom lasses with their luxurious display of red and white, but the ample charms of a genuine Dutch country tea-table in the sumptuous time of autumn.
But courage, old lass, I hope to see thee soon within a biscuit's toss of the merry land, riding snugly at anchor in some green cove, and sheltered from the boisterous winds.
But I hope his honour an ' you will oblige me, by comin ' wi ' Peggy and these ither lasses, to tak share o ' half a pint, an mak ' up the matter. "
(" Thu mir zurecht, Bottgher, sonst lass ich dich hangen ").
But the girl of Tower Hill, who hung on Jack's neck before he departed; and the lass at Quimper, who gave the Frenchman his brdle-gueule and tobaccobox before he departed on
I suppose I am foolish,  replied the dame, wiping a tear away, " but I feared, lest the girl might derive some encouragement from it, though otherwise, Prudence is a good lass, and obedient, and I have no other fault to find with her; but I recollect now, when I was a girl, how
Here Gilbert, pleased with this generosity of Nancy, as if his heart misgave him for having said any thing to hurt her feelings, arose and, catching both her and Maria by the hand, said -- " Ye are baith my bairns -- gude lasses to yere father, an ' I hae na ' fan't to find wi
Come, lads and lasses, sing, dance and be merry.
intelligence offices, of which, in common with all other country lasses living in the neighborhood of the city, she had heard much; and like them, thought she had only to go there to get employment at once.
as he entered; and as the negro sentinel thrust in his turbaned head, at the half-opened door -- " jump up on deck, and clear away my pinnace; bring it round to the starboard gangway, and after we shall have left the ship -- I and the gentlemen -- do thou and Charon lead down the lady there, and the black lass, and row them straight to the sallyport, entering the covered way: I will be there to meet ye; and hark, sirrah, in your ear -- do thou, or thy swart
Sir Edward, " answered the fellow, with a cunning grin, clearly perceiving the drift of his master's question, " there was a very pretty lass upon his arm, wasn't there, sir? "
Especially was he beloved by the pretty girls along the Connecticut, whose favor he used to court by presents of the best smoking-tobacco in his stock; knowing well that the country lasses of New England are generally great performers
God bless you, my gude bairn -- you were aye a gude lass, a gude dauchter to me.	54:58	0:82	 God bless you , my gude bairn -- you were aye a gude lass , a gude dauchter to me .
Says Mr. Jones " As the children could not make use of books, and being the only teacher, I was compelled to throw the whole school into one (lass, and to teach them all together on the inthnt schoot plan.
-- He was a regular lad-seaman in his appearance and dress, and a foul anchor imprinted with India ink into his wrist, and the initials of some lass ashore done upon his fair white neck, rendered visible by the gaping of his
In a few minutes more another made a kind of circuit round the room, and passing near him, dropped a small piece of paper into his hand, and scarcely had he put away the first before another billet was dropped at his feet as a gay lass brushed by him, saying she was going to peep out the door to see if papa was coming.
Perfection whispered, passing by, Behold the Lass of Ballochmyle. '
merry lass, who broke the crockery, burned the dinner, tore the clothes in ironing, and knocked down everything that stood in her way about the house, without at all discomposing herself about the matter.
At length Jew Mike himself was vociferously called on for either a song or a story; and not being a vocalist, the gentleman preferred entertaining his friends with the latter; so, clearing his throat by an enormous draught of brandy, he began as follows: JEW MIKE 'S STORY " You see, lads and lasses, a year or two before I came to this accursed country to be jugged for a ten spot, for manslaughter, (it was a clear murder, though, and a good piece of work, too,) I was a nobleman's butler in the great city of London.
Easter and Whitsuntide are now little more than names; and that most delightful of ruralities, dancing round the maypole, and choosing the " queen of May " from the prettiest lass of the village, has become nearly obsolete.
You may present the furious little lass With her own image in a looking glass -- Tell her the passion which her peace annoys, Disturbs her person, and her mind destroys, Can only serve to make her tortur'd breast An emblem of a raging hornet's nest; Her friends will
A Scotch lass ushers you into the second story front chamber, which is the spacious workship of the world maker.
King Charles II Spoken like an oracle; and did not you say that this pretty lass was his niece?
Some people undertake certain business only because they must; and though that is not generally the case, yet in this country the safest maxim is men and not things. '
The Strike, but hear, ' not only reads as well in English as in Greek, but seems no more out of place in a modern than a classical republic; besides according with a christian maxim which may be known to some readers.
His disregard for the maxims of prudence often entangled him in pecuniary difficulties, and threw a shadow over the uprightness of his character, which never dims the lustre of dull minds, protected by
I am not only sure that, in resigning, your nephew will do what best becomes him as a gentleman, but that he will make a fortunate escape from the service of one whose maxim it is to reward none but the mercenary. "
The maxims of the Koran, the Vedah and the Shastah are mingled in the intercourse of every-day life, among their followers, as well as quoted from the desk or the pulpit; and the same or greater effect is produced by the Hebrew and Greek scriptures.
In fine, he follows the maxims of our politicians, recapitulating a dozen or more things (wiping the sweat from his brow the while) that have no earthly connection with the subject. "
If Plato's maxim, ' that oratory must be estimated by its effects, ' is at all correct, then is M. Dantes the greatest orator in France, for the effect of his oratory is miraculous.
, to show the direction in which it leads, and to comment on a few of the pregnant and instructive maxims, which are found in its details.
The principles of the Gospel have always been at variance with the maxims and customs of the world.
When he is swallowed by a great fish, with his canoe, he escapes by the exertion of these powers, but always, as much as possible, in accordance with Indian maxims and means.
It does seem that, according to the oriental maxim, 21 a present is the readiest door to an Indian's heart.
My mother also exercised a wise discretion in the selection of such books as she thought would afford me " maxims of guidance, " as she called it, through the world.
If ever any skilful writer among us shall think it worth his while to revive and rehearse a full presentment of the matters then discussed in the newspapers under sundry classical and patriotic noms de plume, he will doubtless find in them, or elaborate from them, illustrations of some of the profoundest truths of the largest human science, while he traces through them the inchoate principles of the best assured economical and political maxims of our day.
V. And hence, we may judge of the truth of that oft-repeated, but worse than puerile maxim,
For us, we do approve the Roman maxim, To save one
EDucATIoN, as we should naturally expect, has been a subject of discussion from the earliest periods; from those rigorous times, when the severe and much perverted maxim, Spare the rod and spoil the child, ' was the law of instructers, to the more lax period of modern days, in which the opposite doctrine has been inculcated.
The maxim of Horace: " Quo semel est imbuta recens servabit odorem Testa diu, " is of universal application, nor has it ever greater force than when reference is had to ideas, connected with the terrors of an unseen world, and where the mind that entertains them is destitute of the advantages of education.
The readiness with which the Episcopalian gains the ear of some people, and makes such excellent churchmen of the gay and thoughtless, is easily and truly explained, when the argument is known to be, not a musty and learned discourse of the Fathers, but the pithy maxim, that " Episcopacy is the only religion fit
We have established, as a maxim, that the sole end of punishment is to prevent the commission of crime; the only means of effecting this, in the present case, must be by the force of example.
Thy mind, superior to all sordid objects, towers ore the groveling maxims of the world, and aims a flight beyond its little views; here let me ratify again, that faith which was pledged by honor to my bosom's queen.
Contradiction led me to scorn and defy all the maxims of religion.
administered according to certain maxims which they held sacred; and of those maxims they held none more sacred than this, that every increase of the power of France ought to be viewed with extreme jealousy.
He began by observing that it was fixed as one of their indisputable maxims, that things merely ornamental were not necessary to the well-being of
Although, as we before intimated, our author's style is the very opposite to the sententious, yet the vastness of his philosophy, and acuteness of his mind, have caused him to scatter several weighty maxims throughout these Lectures.
From books, also, Polonius has gleaned maxims, but not gained development; can repeat, but not reproduce, their contents; equips, not feeds his mind out of them; uses them, in short, not as spectacles to read nature with, but only as blinds or goggles to protect his own eyes with.
To the contempt by the one, and the adoption by the other, of this maxim, in relation to a young heart as yet neutral in its partialities, is to be, perhaps, attributed the success of Henri, and the failure of his brother. "
It is a maxim no less venerable for its antiquity than its truth -- a maxim admitted and illustrated by all writers on political economy -- and one that has been corroborated by experience in every corner of the earth, that miserable is the servitude and horrible the condition of that people whose laws are either uncertain or unknown.
The maxim; then enforced, both by the parent and pedagogue, that it was shameful to deface and destroy them, heightened the estimation of their contents; as, in monarchical governments, the sacredness of the person of the King gives weight to his prerogative.
Let philosophers prate, and discuss as they will, The maxims of knowledge, the sources ofbliss; The true fount of knowledge and pleasure is still To be found in a free-flowing bottle like this.
Whilst our most solemn declarations, those constitutions which form the basis of our civil and social institutions, have set forth in language sufficiently strong, explicit, and comprehensive, the purest prin * ciples of natural and civil liberty, and the soundest maxims of universal right and justice, the institutions themselves seem destined, in practice, by a sort of uncontrollable fatality to allow a state of slavery, by which a large portion of human beings are utterly deprived of all their rights.
their decisions and regulations they would be guided by any other maxims than those which arc // maintained by their constituents-that is, the maxims of the Moiy Alliance, which was formed expressly for the purpose of establishing peace and the principles of Christianity in Europe.
To rob himself, and spend the spoil upon another is thy sage maxim, it seems, for which, thou deservest to be dubbed a she Solomon, but let's see if thou art as cunning in defending as in coining maxims.
Why, then, if I must answer truly -- perhaps, I have,  replied Hope, looking, in spite of herself, as archly as the mischievous little god, when he sees one of his own arrows trembling in the heart; " set a thief to catch a thief, ' dear Esther, is an old maxim; and though I have never felt this nervous malady, yet, you know, I am skilled in the books that describe the symptoms, thanks to aunt Grafton's plentiful stock of romances and plays. "
And the maxim, that the government of a country is what the social forces in existence compel it to be, is true only in the sense in which it favors, instead of discouraging, the attempt to exercise, among all forms of government practicable in the existing condition of society, a rational choice.
In this country, where people, when they announce their political maxims, are apt to consider what those maxims mean, we suppose it to be the prevailing opinion, and therefore (Miss Martineau being the judge) the right one, that no human administration can be depended on to do " always that which is right. "
And, as Mr Justice Blackstone says, the maxims and customs so collected are of higher antiquity than memory or history can reach, nothing being more difficult than // to ascertain the precise beginning, and first spring, of an ancient and long established custom. '
There is wisdom, princess, in the maxim of thy prophet, and its spirit is found in many of the sayings of truer prophets who went before him, and whose words are familiar to thy royal mother, though I fear they are not to thee; a misfortune wholly to be traced to that misadventure of thine, Piso, in being thrown into the company of the Christian Probus on board the Mediterranean trader.
A dry soil for the cherry is the universal maxim, arid although it is so hardy a tree that it will thrive in a great variety of soils, yet a good, sandy, or gravelly loam is its favourite place.
It was a maxim of English jurisprudence, that though acts of parliament did not extend beyond the empire, nor operate upon its dependencies proprio vigore, yet they applied to, and bound them, when they were expressly comprehended in the purview of the act.
Its operation contradicts that fundamental maxim of republican government, which requires that the sense of the majority should prevail.
It seemed like a new world revealed on purpose for him to conquer; and if the maxim of the law with respect to right to property be true, he has made the whole realm of Scotland his own.
The constitutional maxim, that " the king can do no wrong, " in his official capacity, is founded upon an assumption that he acts under the advice of his ministers.
But his ignorance or carelessness of the art of writing, is amply compensated by his knowledge of nature and of policy; the wisdom of his maxims,
It will be all in vain, at present, to commend to his attention the universal concurrence in the truth of the homely maxim, that " it is an ill bird that defiles its own nest. "
It is not in the mt of man to frame a more profligate and fatal maxim of legislation.
Tear away, brother Martin, never mind, so you do but tear away, ' is the maxim on which they often proceed; and the consequence is, that when the excitement is diminished and they begin to review their labor, they find that they tore the old coat in pieces before they had made another-that they have still much to do before they can appear in a decent dress.
He has told me that he was induced to do /z/ this by a maxim of an ancient king: " Prepare thy work without, and make it fit for thyself in the field, and afterwards build thy house. "
There are no occasions when this maxim is more needed, than when we wish to modify the opinions, or alter the practices of our fellow-men.
Hence the maxims of practical wisdom vary widely in terms from the principles of abstract science, though identical with them in the last analysis.
may counteract her unchristian policy by another maxim equally simple and decisive - ' ' Do not evil, that good may come. "
Eternal vigilance * ' is the price which we must still pay for such privileges; and in a constitutional republic not less than under a monarchy the great maxims and safeguards of free and equal government are to be cherished, applied, and enforced with a jealousy as sensitive as that with which female purity or a man's personal integrity and honor should be guarded and preserved.
/q/ however much it might have been once naturally loved and admired, and however consistent it may still remain with the customs and the maxims of the world.
If we believe we can do a thing, we can do it; that's my maxim, my lord.
* Unless, therefore, he now attaches more weight to slight physical differences in the discrimination of species than to intellectual and moral characteristics, in direct contravention of the principles so eloquently expounded in the passages just cited, and equally in conflict, as it appears to us, with the spirit and true meaning of the maxim announced in the chapter of his " Principles of Zoology, " headed " Intelligence and Instinct,
The writings of Quisne, Turgot, and the friends of those authors, are of a serious kind; but they labored under the same disadvantage with Montesquieu; their writings abound with moral maxims of government, but are rather directed to economize and reform the administration of
It was filled with discussions upon reversionary interests, resulting uses, and all the jargon of the books, plentifully embellished with a prodigious array of learning, contained in pithy Latin maxims, in which the lawyers are wont to invest meagre and common thoughts with the veil of science.
The maxim is grounded not only on the most essential principles of good government, but on those of the successful conduct of business of any description.
It is true the maxims of the Jesuits had given something of sternness and cunning to a character naturally mild and frank; but he verily thought he was doing God's service, and he did it with a concentration
This was the maxim of Virgil, and all theory and experience prove its value.
One of my maxims about every thing is, Never despair: another maxim is, Never stand still; that is, never, in youth or age, allow yourself to think you have reached the ne plus ultra.
They themselves pretend to xplain it by quoting that stale maxim about honesty being the best policy; but for my part I never saw honesty achieve such wonders,
But now comes the application of a maxim: Ponderanda
They seem to act upon the principle that " knowledge is power, ** but not in the sense of the great author of this maxim, who also tells us that " knowledge is the concoction of reading into judgment. "
Having in vain entreated her mother to exert her influence, before her father's return, Mademoiselle de la Motte resolved to act upon the Jesuitical maxim, that wrong actions may be done for a good purpose; she wrote a letter in her mother's hand-writing, beseeching the nuns to receive her, and stated that illness prevented her from accompanying her daughter.
All men felt ready to act upon the maxims and motto of a patriotic society, which assumed for its title side toi, le Cici t
Nowhere is to be found such a series of beautiful ideas, admirable moral maxims, which pass before us like the battalions of a celestial army, and which produce in our soul the same emotion which one experiences in contemplating the infinite expanse of the skies, resplendent in a summer's night, with all the brilliance of the stars.
Remember now, my son, ' continued the old gentleman, and then he read me a lecture containing the essence of all that Solomon ever said to Rehoboam, with the addition of a digest of the more modern maxims of parental wisdom, down to the date of the discourse.
These are the maxims of peace and charity, which it is in the power of the females of our country to advocate, both by example and by entreaties.
There is no proposition that can be announced, the belief of Which can not be traced back to one or the other of these maxims as the basis on which it rests.
The citizen who serves as a soldier, has for his object the defence of his family and his property; and hence the maxim in states, where the army is composed of citizens, that he who has the most to lose, will make the best soldier.
The very maxim upon which the British writers found their reasoning against the protecting system is, that every man understands his own interest best, and will take better care of himself, than any
43 which, in a state of nature, we were under no such obligation to do, and which, from the general maxim of the natural equality of all mankind as to their rights, no man or body of men could have any right to compel us to do, without some previous consent or other act of our own.
, and coinmotion from within; to secure peace and prosperity at home, and importance and respect abroad; to settle on definite grounds those political maxims, which for ages unnumbered will regulate the intercourse of nations, whose infancy will soon grow into a powerful manhood; to concert all the plans, in short, which wisdom can devise, and union execute, for increasing the strength and prosperity of every branch of the confederacy; these are some of the points to be considered at the Congress of Panam * m.
Thy maxims, Fabius, and thy cautious conduct, thy prudence, coolness and forbearing temper, hadst thou commanded in a war like this, would well entitle thee, to praise more loud, than yet, the world has lauded to thy fame.
Their maxim was that of habitual tyranny -- " might is right ".
It is, however, a maxim equally well settled, both among theorists and the best practical men, that health, immediate vigour,
If, therefore, the legal provisions of the British Constitution, together with the unwritten maxims by which the conduct of the different political authorities is in fact regulated, did not give to the popular element in the Constitution that substantial supremacy over every department of the government which corresponds to its real power in the country, the Constitution would not possess the stability which characterizes it; either the laws or the unwritten maxims would soon have to be changed.
The several states are not even mentioned by name in any part, as if it was intended to impress the maxim on America, that our freedom and independence arose from our union, and that without it we could never be free or independent.
inquired a young Bostonian, forgetful of his orthodox habits -- last Sabbath evening, twirling while he spoke a ticket in his fingers -- " you know the maxim -- when one is in Rome " -- " I have not been here quite long enough yet to apply the rule, " said I; " is not the theatre open on other evenings of the week? "
America; or that, acting on the maxim, that revolutions do not go backward, he had the sagacity to foresee, earlier than others, the successful termination of those struggles; if thus feeling, and thus perceiving, it fell to him to lead the wil1in * or unwilling councils of his country, in her manifestation * of kindness to the new governments, and in her seasonable recognition of their independence; if it be this, which the honorable member imputes to him; if it be this course of public conduct, that he has identified his name with the cause of South American liberty, he ought to be esteemed one of the most fortunate men of the age.
In addition to sensation, perception, and practical judgment (instinctive or acquirable) concerning the notices furnished by the organs of perception, all which, in kind at least, the dog possesses in common with his master; in addition to these God gave us REASON, and with reason he gave us reflective SELF-cONSCIOUSNESS; gave us PRINCIPLES, distinguished from the maxims and generalizations of outward experience, by their absolute and essential universality and necessity; and above all
She had recently been trained in another school, and had unconsciously imbibed other maxims.
There is more value than all believe, in the simple maxim, Let family enjoyments be common to all.
It is much to be regretted that one, so little predisposed by taste or constitutional temperament to the grossness and reckless malignity of vulgar skepticism, should yet be led by mere caprice, to affirm at times the truth of many of its most monstrous and pernicious maxims.
Better live upon foes than upon friends, was his maxim; and this practice of living amongst foes was the great school by which his people were taught vigilance.
And instead of laying so much stress on opinion, as if this were the only matter of unity, how much better would it be to remember the maxim acted upon of old, by different parties in the Church, that " Catholics, as Catholics, agree always in matters of faith, and good Catholics never break charity, but the best Catholics, as men, may vary in their opinions
He understood the truth of the maxim, that a man, in order to make himself respectable, must try to be employed.
An introduction before an intimate acquaintance, is my maxim, my lord. "
It would be worth while, too, for that most estimable class of men whose maxim is to walk in the old footsteps -- to let well enough alone - who see fearful revolutions in all change
Heoften * repeated the following maxims; " With.. out the freedom of the seas there is no happiness th.v the world.
RESPECT yourself, if you wish to be respected by others, " is a maxim well understood in its application to individuals, and it is no less true when applied to communities.
Had our Lord added to these words the maxim of the world, " If any man assaults you with deathly weapons, you may repel him with deathly weapons, " it would have directly contradicted the spirit of this command and made his sayings like a house divided against itself.
There was little of beauty, wealth, fashion, or nobility in Rome that was not represented in the dense multitude that filled the seats of the boundless amphitheatre.
They soon came to anchor, not, however, before their arrival had attracted great attention, and drawn together great multitudes of gazers.
lYe are surrounded, " says the Bishop, (p. 9,) " by a multitude of distinct associations professing to be Christian; a great portion of them refusing all communion with others, and each claiming to be more pure, more scriptural, and more holy than the rest. "
The main cause of the phenomenon in question is found by Mr. Buckle in a system of protection, which, in France, has been intimately connected with that love of centralization which appears in the machinery of government, in restrictions upon trade, in interference with literature in the shape of censorship or patronage, and in the regulation of a multitude of things better left to the people themselves.
With all the glorious preparation, the pride, and pomp, and circumstance which decks the coronation of a monarch, with proclamation of the kings at arms, and homage of bareheaded lords, and acclamations of the multitude, and addresses from the delegates of foreign potentates, Oliver had been decorated with a robe of purple more splendidly elaborate than the attire of any former king; he had been girded with the rich sword of state; he had received a sceptre, massive with solid gold, with which to sway the destinies of England; a noble copy of the Holy Writ, whereby to wield that sceptre rightly.
Then a low voice arose from the starry multitude: " Unhappy one!
She was totally unlike an English ship, painted entirely white, without masts, with two small black funnels alongside each other; and several erections one above another for decks, containing multitudes of windows about two feet square.
raised above the multitude by a consciousness of intellectual force.
The * music stopped; but the multitude seemed little jdisposed to listen.
So late as the year 1814, the British army, that entered the city of Washington, burnt down the Capitol, the President's House, and the public Offices, destroying with them the national library, and a multitude of papers and documents of great value in a civil and historical point of view.
The advertisements of pauperism chalked upon the flagging round the dock walls, are singularly accompanied by a multitude of quite different announcements, placarded upon the walls themselves.
A fountain or small body of water would not have accommodated those multitudes;
Munzer, too, was stirring up the multitudes to that demand of their rights which ended in the disastrous " Peasants ' war. "
Multitudes understand its injurious effects here, who are yet slow to see that the same injury must take place, though its operation is more concealed, upon every interest that depends upon the manufacture or the use of iron.
By this august train was he attended to the palace amidst strains of martial music and the shouts of a prodigious multitude.
The trumpet summons -- awful silence floats Over the multitudes who fix their gaze Upon the portals of the cells beneath.
or not himself, succeeded in poisoning the mind of Aurelian and that of the multitude.
Every decision of the will, every expression of sentiment, and every civil * act, is a live seed cast into the quickning soil, whose forthcoming fruit a multitude must taste, and find health to body and soul, or poison and death.
I was frantic with every species of wild excitement, and felt within my single arm the energy and the power of a multitude.
The influence of a religion, sanctioned by the government, could in no country, in the nineteenth century, interfere with the speculations of a philosopher in his closet, but it might, and must, steady the weak and wavering opinions of the multitude.
Multitudes would seem to think that earth's great battle on this subject has been fought, and it only
An unphilosophical Christianity may be sufficient to save a multitude of individual souls for heaven, but it can never conquer the world.
At one there was a multitude of clerks, and a coarse, slatternly housekeeper; at another there was a set of low traders.
The history of the wars by which thousands of them were slain; of their being compelled to work in mines, by which many perished, and multitudes were led to put an end to their unhappy existence; with the continued pressure of despotism for three centuries, and the consequent degradation, will sufficiently explain this wasting of the race.
Notwithstanding her experience of the harsh and cruel spirit of Aurelian, notwithstanding the unnecessary destruction, for any national or political object, of the multitudes of Palmyra, still she inclines to confide in him.
Had she, by force if necessary, destroyed the fixedness of her casts, wrapped her in European costumes, created new wants in her consumptions, stimulated her pride and ambition, and placed this huge multitude on the high road to civilization and improvement, all that is productive, and industrious, and enriching, would have followed as a matter of course.
Though not an eye was turned toward him nor the smallest sign of impatience exhibited, it was apparent, by the manner in which the multitude elevated their heads to listen, that they drank in the sounds with an intenseness of attention, that none but Tamenund himself had ever before commanded.
Grandfather, " the alarm bells rang, and an immense multitude rushed into King Street.
This inconceivable property of youth, this incommunicable thought of passionate daring, sent home, like a fire brand, successively, through the linked hearts of a multitude, will kindle a whole people to rebellion.
These buildings, as well as the walls of the city, being all either of white marble, or of some stone as white, and being everywhere in their whole extent interspersed, as I have already said, with multitudes of overshadowing palm-trees, perfectly filled and satisfied my sense of beauty, and made me feel for the moment, as if in such a scene I should love to
and his eyes passed quickly over the silent and moody multitude, each man, as he dropped his own, felt that they were fixed individually upon himself. "
That // ruler is a traitor to his trust, who seeks to trample upon the constitution by substituting the heated passions of the multitude for the ivellknown principles of that instrument.
It was now that the unfortunate Nicuesa put in exercise all of his former grace and courtesy of manner, and all of his most persuasive forms of eloquence, in order to produce some change in the disposition of the multitude.
These gallant fellows were lying beside each other in the gun room preparatory to their being committed to the deep; and here many met to take a last look of our departed friends, whose remains soon floated in the promiscuous multitude, without distinction either of rank or nation.
But in a hook made up of a multitude of different pieces, on a multitude of different subjects, all this, and much more than we here find, was to be expected.
He quailed not before the angry multitude, nor at the threatening weapon, but the eloquent eye of Norma thrills him with awe.
I well remembered how, as the feet of the Priests who bore the ark touched its brim, the waters dried up, and after they had passed over, the multitudes of Israel followed in safety, notwithstanding it was
And even these most sacred words too oft Are prostituted, for the selfish ends Of tyrants, or of low born churls; who chouse, With well set phrases, golden promises, The unsuspecting credulous multitude -- First of their honest judgment -- freedom next.
Here are no colonies of Germans, as at Saint Petersburg; no English factories, as at Lisbon; no multitudes of insolent Yankees lounging through the streets as at the Havannah, with an air which seems to say, the land is our own whenever
The statesman is pursued by shouting and tumultuous multitudes; while the poor scholar (the master and tyrant of his destiny) is strolling in some far-off silent field with a single friend.
His abuse is placed before our eyes in a multitude of shapes, and he is plainly proved to be no friend to the republic.
it is not easy to withstand the pressure from around of the multitude that are always struggling to get the farthest possible in the advance; and many are seduced into extremity of argument, from the apparent strength, and credit for boldness, which extreme positions give to those who most eagerly occupy them.
A few had straggled among the conquered columns, where they stalked in sullen discontent; attentive, though, as yet, passive observers of the moving multitude.
You will now fancy yourselves in view of the great gathering of the Pawnees, and in sight of the multitude assembled in honor of the sacrifice.
now in greater multitudes than usual, owing to the games.
A dark and gigantick shape could be seen, apparently in the very centre of the flame, moving his long arms, and flowing drapery, continually about, with great wildness and solemnity, while a multitude of smaller figures, like women and men, were shouting and dancing round about the fire.
As for the hermit Blaxton, he soon found it impossible to exist among what seemed to him the uproarious multitude, which now thronged his sylvan peninsula.
surveyed the imposing attitude of the enemy, and knew it would be impossible to withstand such a multitude of combatants upon that ill-chosen field.
-- that they alone of the whole human race, by some possibility, may not have remained altogether stationary age after age -- while the least enquiring and the most indolent of human beings -- the very multitude -- have been steadily advancing both in knowledge and power?
Pastor and people can not be /or ever together on earth - death will sunder the strongest ties; and in heaven how must it enhance the joys of the blessed, that by means of their willing sacrifices here, multitudes have been prepared to unite with them in songs for redeeming grace.
Truly, Hooker bath well said, " He who goeth about to persuade a multitude that they are not so well taught as they ought to be, shall never want attentive and favorable listeners; that which wanteth in the weight of his speech is supplied by the aptness of men's minds to accept and believe it. "
But let these works answer the high purpose for which their authors made them; let them kindle in the souls of the multitude, every lofty and generous sentiment they are calculated
It was on the day of Pentecost, when multitudes were present, not only from all parts of Palestine, but from the surrounding nations.
There are so many medical schools in the country, and the competition between them partakes so largely of the popular element, that medical degrees are obtained in some quarters much too easily, and the profession is therefore crowded with multitudes of loose observers.
though often valuable and necessary to the farmer in keeping out of our own markets foreign products which rival and supplant his own, is still more useful and indispensable to him in creating and maintaining all around and beside him ready and steady markets for his produce, by bringing into prosperous and durable existence new branches of industry which do not rival his own, but which employ multitudes who are con-8 // sumers only, and not to any great extent producers, of agricultural staples.
But their number is so small as to be almost lost among the multitude.
-- The circling heights with the concussion jar, Causing the gazing multitudes to reel, While they a deep -- an awful impulse feel, As if the scales of life and death were there In equal poise -- yet balanced by a hair!
Some of the reformers were objected to because the multitude were against them.
Wasps and hornets are destructive, to bees arid fruits, &c.; In spring or summer, before they are increased, destroy the old ones, for a few increases to a multitude.
The comparatively innocent multitude, for the most part instigated by these cunning and malignant spirits which are found like serpents in the grass, lurking in the bosom of every community, first by their excesses alarmed the more sober, rational and peaceful portion for the safety of their persons and property, and rather than submit to the pleasure of a mob, they acquiesced in the discretion of a despot.
All that his mind falls in with, it sweeps along in its deep, and swift, and continuous flow, and bears onward with the multitude that fills its shoreless and
To what purpose is the multitude of your sacrifices unto me?
or held torches, along the line of the bank to guide the footsteps of the multitude in ascending from the river to the shore.
And a great wind arose, and the scaffold was destroyed, and the goodly youth that stood thereupon was saved from the death of fire as the multitude were scattered. "
Chosen for that office, out of a multitude of superior men altogether on account of his ability?
Its remotest provinces were in concert; what was maturing in Moldavia and Wallachia, was known in Constantinople, in the Morca, aug in Albania; and with all the // multitudes that must have participated in these dangerous counsels, the explosion, though in reality at last accidental and unconcerted, did
was moved with compassion towards these multitudes, who seem so very earnest and solemn.
As if it were a mark of deplorable fatuity for a babe to believe now as a multitude of wise and great and gifted men have heretofore believed in every age of the world!
The manufacturing and mechanical business of many communities have forced others to be often abroad, and most of all, the constant and never-ceasing emigration from the county has covered the whole land with cousins from every household to the remotest degree, multitudes of whom have reflected upon the family circle on the hills, the
And when a very little reflection and comparison is found sufficient to show any one how utterly the multitudes of books in this department of literature fail of reaching a safe and reasonable standard, then it will appear boxy much occasion there is for the strictures presented in the following Qbservations.
@@587427 txt WE took leave of Boston, under a bright sun, with a favorable breeze, amid the blessings of the multitude assembled to witness our departure.
Would that this little insect might speak, and in words more eloquent than those of man's device, to the multitudes who allow themselves to reject the doctrines of revealed religion, because, as they assert, they are, on their face so utterly improbable, that they labor under an a priori objection strong enough to be fatal to their credibility.
From Barford bridge I daunst to Norwich; but comming within sight of the Citty, perceiuing so great a multitude and throng of people still crowding more and more about me, mistrusting it would be a let15: 15 to my determined expedition and pleasurable humour, which I
Prynne lost the remainder of his ears in the pillory; and the punishment was inflicted on them all with extreme and designed cruelty; which /z/ they endured, as martyrs always endure suffering, so heroically as to excite a deep impression of sympathy and resentment in the assembled multitude.
Your favour may see, by the many torches glimmering through the streets, and the many voices that go chanting up and down, that there is a goodly multitude with him. "
Among a multitude of beautiful seedlings of my own raising, I have selected two as worthy of cultivation.
One broad beaver, with the ample folds of the coarse blanket, thrown across the shoulders of the Americans, was as terrible in their eyes as a panther might be while springing among a timid multitude.
You admit, if I understood you, that the testimony of the apostles, concerning the resurrection of Jesus, had it not been accompanied with plain and astonishing miracles in the open day, and before the surrounding multitudes, who had ocular demonstration of their truth, would have been entitled to no more credit than the testimony of Mrs. A -- --, respecting her conversation with her deceased husband.	216:226	0:406	 You admit , if I understood you , that the testimony of the apostles , concerning the resurrection of Jesus , had it not been accompanied with plain and astonishing miracles in the open day , and before the surrounding multitudes , who had ocular demonstration of their truth , would have been entitled to no more credit than the testimony of Mrs. A -- -- , respecting her conversation with her deceased husband .
It had been long a custom in America, as in England, to conduct the convict condemned to expiate his crime on the scaffold, in broad daylight, and in full view of the people, to some open spot in the suburbs of the town, affording space for the accommodation of the immense multitude generally drawn together by the occasion; and thus, with the deliberate pomp of law, and the solemn ceremonies of religion, to consummate upon the bound and trembling wretch the tremendous doom.
All these methods have been tried, and still our colleges remain substantially as they were, and annually send forth a multitude of young men, who have acquired nothing during the four years course of study, but a few general ideas, together with habits of desultory application and
Thus we passed hill after hill and hollow after hollow, a country arid, broken and so parched by the sun that none of the plants familiar to our more favored soil would flourish upon it, though there were multitudes of strange medicinal herbs, more especially the absanth, which covered every declivity, and cacti were hanging like reptiles at the edges of every ravine.
Could he have spoken thus, and held multitudes in breathless silence hour after hour, had he not declared what he had seen and testified what he had felt?
The clergy of Bos * ton and the vicinity, the members of the church and congregation of which the deceased had been pastor, and a multitude of other acquaintances and friends, united with the bereaved family and relations in deploring their common loss, while they praised God for the bright example of Christian virtue which /z/ they had witnessed.
Beneath the unimaged, unimagined God, Who hath no temple but infinity, Where the great multitude of stars adore, Flying along their glorious spheres -- I stand Here in thy home (it fits thy nature well) And, without awe or exultation, dare Deny thee incense, prayer, love, fear and faith! "
Then they approve of image wor // ship and a multitude of other abominable things.
Long lines of splendid chariots were ranged on either side of the barrier; the horses proudly pawed the ground, and neighed impatiently; the bright sun glanced on glittering armor; and the shouts of the charioteers were heard high above the busy hum of that vast multitude
colour are readily absorbed; a warm current, which is easily established in a mobile fluid like air, rises rapidly; and, as if this were not enough in multitudes of instances, the trembling leaves are set upon slender footstalks, which give way to every passing wind, and are thus continually brought into an extensive and ever-changing gaseous contact.
Multitudes in various communions are practicing an // 196 Something wanting to the World's Conversion.
These are but few facts, among multitudes which might be adduced, to show the self-denial, energy, patience, and honesty, which the slave has exhibited in a state of freedom.
Multitudes of them are chained to the harness with scanty food, and goaded forward to drag the baggage of an army and the thun dering engines of death, until their strength has failed, their breath exhausted, and the kindness they then receive is the lash of the whip or the point of a spear.
Hence arose sculpture, the earliest and the latest effort to reveal the divine existence to man; it assumed, as was to be expected, that form which is superior to all other natures, and fashioning it in ideal beauty, shewed to adoring multitudes the splendid manifestation of celestial being, in the forms of the Jupiter of Phidias, the Venus of Cleomenes, and the Apollo of the Vatican.
There are multitudes of dabblers in medicine, both learned and unlearned, who love to theorize, and to listen to theorizing.
One plan is, to make bets on their slaves, as to who can drink the most whisky without getting drunk; and in this way they succeed in getting whole multitudes to drink to excess.
By making this postponement, the churches, in effect, though certainly without intending it, sign the death warrant of a great portion of the present six hundred millions of perishing heathen; relinquish all effort for this vast multitude, and only dream of saving the next generation -- of whom it would be a mercy never to be born, unless there shall be more hope of their salvation than can be seen at present -- dream, I say, of saving the next generation; for to think much of raising up the young to be missionaries, without going ourselves, is little better than dreaming.
How great a multitude of those to whom the word which he dispensed was " a savor of life unto life, " or " of death unto death, " have gone before to meet him at the dread tribunal!
The Teacher, with a look of the utmost tenderness and compassion, and with unspeakable grace of manner, raised the mourner from the ground, and supported her, till the first inexpressible agony of feeling was over, but as he listened to her sobs and the lamentations of the multitude, and saw the weeping faces around him, his own emotions became strong within him; more than once, he sighed deeply, and tears fell plentifully from his eyes.
Christian nations, ye have not failed in great multitudes to " GO INTO ALL THE WORLD; " scarcely have ye failed to visit " EVERY CREATURE; " but for what purpose have ye gone forth?
In proportioning the spice to the vinegar, allow to every two quarts, an ounce of mace, two dozen cloves, and two ounces of mustard seed.
the ounce, if payment should be made in bullion, or otherwise milled dollars at 65. each, should be the lawful money of the province, and no person should receive or pay within the province, c c /z/ bills of credit of any of the other Governments of New England.
At length, with a promise on the part of the priest that he would attend on the day appointed for the marriage, he rode off with his three ounces of gold in his
Take sea stonewort an ounce sea onions one /z/ ounce, mix together, and throw where eels come.
It can not be sent to China, gold in China being not used as currency, and valued at only $14 the ounce by the silver standard.
Mix together two ounces of the best white ginger, an ounce of black pepper, an ounce of white pepper, an ounce of cinnamon, an ounce of nutmeg, and two dozen cloves.
of ashes, we can calculate that the daily excrements of the horse will contain 21 ounces of inorganic matter which was drawn from the fields.
Throw not an ounce of lead away -- God and St. Dennis be our stay! "
Next mix together saltpetre and common salt, in the proportion of two ounces of saltpetre to a handful of salt.
This should be shook at intervals for twenty -- four hours; then add one ounce of chloride of iodine and three fourths ounce of bromine.
burning at the Tate of four feet per hour, twenty-two ounces, or a pint and six ounces, of water, and four feet of carbonic acid, which will render four hundred cubic feet of atmospheric air unfit for respiration. "
Before Th70, a quarter (eight bushels) of wheat of middle quality was sold in England, on an average of a long period of years, for about two ounces of pure silver; about 1600, (still taking an average of many years, so that the very good and very bad crops may offset each other,) the price had advanced to a little over six ounces; about 1636, it had risen to nearly eight ounces.
My heart is six ounces lighter than it was an hour ago. "
Thus: to a few grains of iodine, add an ounce of warm water (which will become tinged with iodine); when cold, to half a pint of pure water in a new and clean coating box, put, of the above, fifty drops; stir and mix well this small quantity of iodine in with the water; in ten minutes this box will be ready for use.
Ir the entire currency of the world consisted of gold and silver coin, if its quantity were, on a sudden, increased two-fold, for every ounce of coin a second ounce being called into existence and put in circulation, there would be, as a consequence, a very considerable rise in the price of all purchaseable commodities.
Take a gallon of stale strong beer, a pound of anchovies washed from the pickle, a pound of peeled shalots or small onions, half an ounce of mace, half an ounce of cloves, a quarter of an ounce of whole pepper, three or four large pieces of ginger, and two quarts of large mushroom-flaps rubbed to pieces.
Take of conserve of orange-peel, two ounces; of cinnabar of antimony levigated an ounce and a half; of gum guaiac in powder an ounce; of winter's bark in powder three drams; of syrup of orange peel a sufficient quantity; mix them.
Prepare, by pounding them in a mortar, two ounces of mustard seed, half an ounce of black pepper, half an ounce of nutmeg, a quarter of an ounce of mace, and a quarter of an ounce of cloves.
as not having a sufficiency in value in silver and all other exports to discharge the whole demand of their imports: it would then be next to a miracle if silver did not rise to above five shillings and two pence per ounce in the market, in proportion to the balance of debt against them; and their trading circumstances continue to decline, as ours have; their silver would be brought to twenty seven shillings per ounce, as ours is, and the current money of Great Britain be at the rate of twenty shillings per ounce, whatever the lawful money might be. "
Let the graft be carefully held in it &; due position, and secure it with cotton twist, Russia matting, or threads of worsted, whichever is most convenient; then cover the bandage with well wrought clay, or grafting wax, which is made as follows: Two ounces beeswax, one ounce tallow, four ounces common pitch, twelve ounces Burgundy pitch, all melted together, and used when warm, with a brush.
And may be you find half an ounce o ' lead lodged in your phrenological developments.
and over, one quarter of an ounce, or even less, will work to advantage.
Why, let me see: his ransom's thirty ounces; -- No, no! '
Add about a teaspoonful to two ounces of the gilding.
Notwithstanding the obstructions thrown in the way of the mint here by royal authority, it is leased again, in 167 5. accordance with the subsequent report: " That the forJul y mer masters of the mint, Robert Saunderson and John Hull, doe continue to mint what silver bullion shall come in for this seven yeares next to come, if either of them liue so long, and doe receive of those that bring bullion to the mint as a full reward for their pains twelve pence for every twenty shillings, and three pence for the waste of every three ounces of sterling silver
It is, in short, but a nominal difference in the value of any commodity, whether it will universally exchange for an ounce, or half ounce, of silver or - gold; but it is a real difference, whether it exchange for a greater or less quantity of any other commodity.
Two large nutmegs, Half an ounce of cloves beaten to a powder.
If a barrel of flour in New York, be exchanged for seven ounces of silver, the cost and
To a hundred walnuts allow a gallon of vinegar, an ounce of cloves, an ounce of allspice, an ounce of black pepper, half an ounce of mace, and half an ounce of nutmeg.
edition, in 1784, silver was underrated in proportion to gold, and that the market price of standard silver bullion was not five shillings and two pence an ounce, (the mint price,) but had been from five shillings and three pence to five shillings and five pence.
One table-spoonful of sweet basil, / A quarter of an ounce of mace, Half an ounce of cloves, powdered.
Admitting that the expense of transporting the four ounces at one conveyance is no less than the expense of transporting the four ounces in four separate conveyances, -- which is certainly a liberal concesslon, -- every other expense on the four ounces is diminished three quarters.
Two ounces of blanched sweet almonds, pounded in a mortar.
The story is as follows: " A poor Indian appeared before the viceroy, and stated that he had found in the street a bag full of golden ounces, which had been advertised, with the promise of a handsome reward to the person who should restore them to the owner; that upon carrying it to the Don he received the bag, counted the ounces, extracted two, which he had seen him slip into his pocket; and had then reproached the poor man with having stolen part of the money, had called him a thief and
To one ounce of chloride of iodine add two ounces of water; place this mixture in a coating-box, the same as quick stuff; coat the plate with dry iodine to a light yellow, or lemon color; then bring the coating to a deep pink over the chloride.
One table-spoonful of sweet basil, / A quarter of an ounce of mace, Half an ounce of cloves, powdered.
on the ounce, the Bank being required to pay?
Dissolve three ounces of salt in a quart of boiling vinegar, and pour it hot upon two ounces of scraped
Thus, all letters under half an ounce weight pay one penny; all letters above half an ounce, and not exceeding an ounce, pay twopence; all letters above an ounce, and not exceeding two
Take of conserve of orange-peel, two ounces; of cinnabar of antimony levigated an ounce and a half; of gum guaiac in powder an ounce; of winter's bark in powder three drams; of syrup of orange peel a sufficient quantity; mix them.
Give me an ounce of civet, good apothecary, to sweeten my imagination! "
To a solution of three ounces of water, in which is dissolved a quarter of an ounce of cyanide of potassium, add one teaspoonful of a solution containing six ounces of water and half an ounce of each pure carbonate of potash, alum, common salt, gallic
-- In preparing large quantities of this, we adopt the following method: Fill a four-quart bottle about two-thirds full of hydrate of lime; pour into this about one or two ounces of bromine; then shake well, add more of the bromine, shake well and let it stand for a few hours, adding sufficient bromine to give it a fine
Four times in a month, this sheet of one ounce weight is taken in at one post-office and
Take of julap in powder, two ounces; of ginger in powder, three drams; of syrup of oranges enough to make an electuary.
I have half a mind to reward him with one ounce of lead instead of two of gold. "
burning at the Tate of four feet per hour, twenty-two ounces, or a pint and six ounces, of water, and four feet of carbonic acid, which will render four hundred cubic feet of atmospheric air unfit for respiration. "
At such banquets, my body methought did not weigh an ounce.
association, and show beyond a doubt that " an ounce of prevention is worth a pound of cure, " a maxim of the " wisdom of nations " which has proved of little practical efficacy as yet.
When used by the silversmith, or in coining, 16 ounces must contain in Germany 13 ounces of silver, in England about 14 1/2.
The preparation of the wood is simply as follows: -- Place its face or smooth side downwards, in a plate containing twenty grains of common salt dissolved in an ounce of water; here let it remain for five minutes, take it out and dry it; then place it again face downwards in another plate containing sixty grains of nitrate of silver to an ounce of water; here let it rest one minute, when taken out and dried in the dark it will be fit for use, and will become, on exposure to the light, of a fine brown color.
The Roman as or pondo, which, in the reign of Servius Tullius, contained twelve ounces, was, 175 years before Christ, reduced to half an ounce.
On my anxiously inquiring what was the matter, he seemed surprised at the question, and civilly stated " that nothing was the matter -- that four o'clock was his usual time for getting up -- that he found it conducive to health -- that he had eaten three quarters of an ounce too much at supper -- that the rising sun was a glorious spectacle, and that nothing aided the digestive powers so
Have ready a puff-paste made of five ounces of sifted flour, and a quarter of a pound of fresh butter.
as not having a sufficiency in value in silver and all other exports to discharge the whole demand of their imports: it would then be next to a miracle if silver did not rise to above five shillings and two pence per ounce in the market, in proportion to the balance of debt against them; and their trading circumstances continue to decline, as ours have; their silver would be brought to twenty seven shillings per ounce, as ours is, and the current money of Great Britain be at the rate of twenty shillings per ounce, whatever the lawful money might be. "
an half of an ounce of pure silver, worth as much as a coin containing an ounce.
Add to it about 40 ounces of common water (heated to 60 or 70 degrees), by little and little, moving, the bottle to warm it, for fear of breaking.
To six quarts of rain or river water, (but rain water is the best) put one pound and a half of fresh blue galls of Alepoo, for those of Smyrna are not strong enough, bruised pretty small, eight ounces of copperas, clean rocky and green; also eight ounces of clean, bright, and clear gum arabic, and two ounces of rock alum; let these stand together in a large stone bottle, or clean stone-pot, with a narrow mouth to keep it free from dust; shake, roll or stir it well once every day, and you will have excellent ink in about a month's time; and the older it grows the better it will be for use.
Put all the walnut liquor together, and boil and skim it, then to every quart allow an ounce of bruised ginger, an ounce of black pepper, half an ounce of cloves, and half
never have brought back the bag, and stolen merely two ounces.
The ingredients were, an ounce of the jaw-bone of a dog burned and pulverized, the false tongue of a newly foaled colt, dried and pulverized, and one scruple of verdigris, raised from the surface of old copper, by laying in moist earth -- the coppers of George I, or II, being preferred as most pure.
Take of bees wax an ounce, three ounces of ' olive oil, three drams of staves acre; of these
Taking North America as the standard, and that the value in silver of the produce of a. year's labour of one man, his wages having been advanced for a year, is two hundred and eighty ounces of silver, the value in silver in Hindostan and in England, of the produce of a year's labour of one man, his wages having been advanced for a year, would also be two hundred and eighty ounces, and as
The first went round to the left side of the diligence, ai) d having unhooked the iron shoe and placed it under the wheel as an additional security against escape, he opened the door of the interior, and, mounting on the steps, I could hear him distinctly uttering a terrible threat in Spanish, and demanding an ounce of gold from each of the passengers.
But suppose that a barrel of flour will purchase more wine in Bordeaux, than four dollars or four ounces of silver.
A recent writer says, he uses one ounce of nitre to one gallon of water, with which he syringes the plants once in ten days, and finds it an effectual cure.
Take two ounces of shelled bitter almonds or peach-kernels.
Put one pound of sulphate of copper in one quart of water; stir it until the sulphate of copper is all dissolved, and then add one half ounce of sulphuric acid and a quarter of an ounce of nitric acid.
It is, to hire 220,000 ounces of silver or gold equivalent, for ten years at four per cent, in England, on the credit of the Province.
For this purpose, take one and a half ounce of each, to which add ten ounces water, for warm weather, or from six to seven for cold.
Corresponding official returns of the gold plate annually manufactured in England, on which duty was paid, show that the average did not exceed 7,000 ounces troy, or about?
Gold is worth a dollar more the ounce measured by the standard of silver, in New York than inSanFrancisco; if, therefore, a merchant of Valparaiso receives m payment for lumber, or other produce, ten thousand ounces of gold in San Francisco, and desires to purchase goods from the United States or Europe, he will gain $10,000 by sending this gold to New York, and purchasing with it there.
In the third year of Q, ueen Anne, an attempt was made to put an end to this confusion, by a Royal Proclamation and act of Parliament, fixing the plantation pound at two ounces sixteen pennyweights sixteen grains of silver, of the fineness of common pieces of eight, at six shillings and ten pence half-penny per ounce; but, from various causes, the act proved effective in Barbadoes only.
Eighteen Ounce, Twenty Ounce Pippin, erroneously.)
Then, here comes the field-piece, of which such large expectations are formed; and not an ounce of powder! "
Prepare, by pounding them in a mortar, two ounces of mustard seed, half an ounce of black pepper, half an ounce of nutmeg, a quarter of an ounce of mace, and a quarter of an ounce of cloves.
Thus, all letters under half an ounce weight pay one penny; all letters above half an ounce, and not exceeding an ounce, pay twopence; all letters above an ounce, and not exceeding two
The story is as follows: " A poor Indian appeared before the viceroy, and stated that he had found in the street a bag full of golden ounces, which had been advertised, with the promise of a handsome reward to the person who should restore them to the owner; that upon carrying it to the Don he received the bag, counted the ounces, extracted two, which he had seen him slip into his pocket; and had then reproached the poor man with having stolen part of the money, had called him a thief and
Or you may dissolve half an ounce of gum Senegal, or Arabic, in half a pint of water; then put a penny-worth of vermillion into a small gallipot, and pour some of the gumwater to it, and stir it well, and mix it together with a hair pencil, to a proper consistency; but it will not incoporate presently, but by the next day it will; then having a clean pen, dip it into the ink, having first well stirred it with a pencil, and
After filling the cell, of common size, nearly full with water; add about quarter of an ounce of sulphuric acid.
This can be readily done by pouring one ounce and a half of muriatic acid upon a quarter of an ounce of powdered black oxide of manganese, and heat it gradually in a flask, to which is adapted a bent glass tube.
wrought on, considering that every story he had heard, was strongly attested; some of the narrators having gone so far as to say, that if necessary, they would not mind swearing to what they had beheld on the brass clasps of Dominie Van Gieson's great parchment covered Bible, -- a folio, whose size and sacredness, was believed to be hallowed: and further, as to the very manner and distinct dress of the relations, the vividness of the Hollander's recollection, seemed to perfect itself nearly in a moment, as he looked about him midst the darkness of the forest; the groan of the tall pine tree, disturbed by the blast, as it rushed with the wing of an eagle o'er its towering crest, the sudden and startling yell of the ounce, as it roamed abroad in the jungles of the mountain, were conjured up, and dressed out in the livery of dire and nameless phantasies of the woud gest ' and the koubold; -- and ever and anon,
And when it did, a great excitement was got up against Leon, who was charged with various crimes against the dignity of the family; indeed, so far was their indignation carried that several ambitious members of the family threatened him with no few ounces of cold lead.
Take sea stonewort an ounce sea onions one /z/ ounce, mix together, and throw where eels come.
If any man is fortunate enough to find a few ounces at the surface, it is heralded by the storekeepers and others interested in promoting emigration, to all parts of the world, while nothing is heard of the thousands who are daily undergoing extreme labor, sickness, and privation, without a return sufficient to pay their expenses.
He supposes that the average earnings of the gold diggers axe about an ounce, or seventeen dollars the day; which will give an amount of $40,000,000, collected during the gold digging season of 48, 49; one half of which was probably collected and carried out of the country by foreigners.
-- Mix half an ounce of slacked lime (hydrate of lime) with six ounces of water, and conduct into this milk of lime, with frequent agitation, as much chlorine gas as will evolve from two ounces of muriatic acid and half an ounce of black oxide of manganese.
Tiie large male, they said, yielded from five to six ounces, and the females only two ounces a piece.
Under the head of " commercial resources, " Mr. King takes notice that the precious metals are the only products of California; a state of things that must remain as long as the pursuit of gold continues profitable The gold, as it is taken from the earth, weighed in ounces, is the medium of domestic and foreign exchange Vessels departing from all other ports 1850.
solitary confinement's dry work as the gad-fly thought when he was corked in an ounce vial! "
of Muscats, of two pounds, nine ounces, to one of the same kind weighing two pounds, three ounces, -- and such are the differences between Mr. Hutchison's Castle Malgwjn grapes and those of Eshton Hall, -- we must retain our opinion, that grapes are not improved by being fed on carrion.
, the aforesaid sum of in coined silver of sterling alloy, at six shillings and eight pence per ounce, or in Spanish milled dollars of full weight, at six shillings each, with interest annually, at the rate of six per cent, per annum.
But, as an ounce of gold is really worth a little more than fifteen and a half ounces of silver, payments are made in preference in the latter metal, which is generally employed in France as money.
The essential oil of cinnamon is usually made from the refuse of the crop; but the quantity produced, in proportion to the weight of cinnamon, is exceedingly small, being about five ounces of oil to half a hundred-weight of the spice.
Between the pericardium and the heart there was about an ounce of lymph, and the heart itself was of greater size than usual; but its muscular substance was extremely flaccid.
quite, dry, dip it into a solution of twenty-five grains of iodide of potassium to one ounce of distilled water, drain it, wash it in distilled water and again drain it.
i. p.136), a horse consumes 79 1/10 ounces of carbon in twenty-four hours, a milch cow 70 3/4 ounces; so that the horse requires 13 pounds 3 1/2 ounces, and the cow 11 pounds 10 3/4 ounces of oxygen
Four hundred ounces, paid to you in gold. '
-- In order to fix the picture thus obtained, first dip it into water; then partly dry it with bibulous paper, and wash it with a solution of bromide of potassium -- containing one hundred grains of that salt dissolved in eight or ten ounces of distilled water.
But you have promised me the fifty ounces. "
This idea is destined to revolutionize the navies of the world -- to turn the very expensive, and for the greater part of the time idle, or no better
Every day opens new and lucrative field, of enterprise, while all the established modes of gain furnish an average return of profits unknown in other parts of the world.
After repeated and earnest solicitation, and much misgiving on his own part, Mr. Mather consented to become the pastor of the Second or North church in Boston, and was ordained over it, May 27, 1664.
The right of choosing the magistrates, was always regarded, and justly regarded, as an important part of the freedom of a citizen.
Doubt not that you will see us often, my child, particularly during the frequent visits that I shall be compelled to make to the distant parts of the country.
He will thus be able to purchase some of the simpler machines, by which some of the parts ol his process may be executed.
Upon arriving at the rack it was discovered that the bridles of the greater part of the troop were tied in hard knots in such a manner as to connect each two or three horses together.
to the bush, whereunto while the sheep flies for defence in weather, he is sure to lose part of the fleece. '
But, in closing this part of the subject, I must distinctly remind you, though the thought has several times been hinted, that, with the man we contemplate, iligion, in all its parts, is ever a practical, more than a speculative subject.
It was forced upon Austria by the formidable proportions of the anti-Russian alliance, which threatened to sever from her at one stroke her Italian provinces if she took part with the enemy; but it will be observed, that while leaning to the side of the Alliance, she has steadily endeavored to present a minimum of opposition to Russia.
The wood west, is the part where General Porter cut a road and marched his troops to at * tack British battery No.
This heap, made in the winter of ' 46-7 and estimated to contain ten thousand tons, was finally covered with hay and boards; and though it was unroofed the following July, and a part of it carried off, the rest remaining exposed to the sun, it stood over that summer and the next winter, and was not quite melted till September, 1848.
of the Government, on 26th day of December, A. D. 1833 -- and printed for the use of all the citizens from Downingville to New Orleans, along the sea coast, and up the Missippi and Missouri, and so down the Lakes, and across by the Erie Canal to Albany, and along by the midde rout over New Jersey, Pensylvany, and Maryland, to Washington -- and away agin to all parts of creation, and to every body.
For my own part, without at this moment referring to particulars, I was disappointed in the first view of the ruins of Thebes.
I have found Naples in mourning for the young queen, without any thing like social amusements, or even social spirit without even St. Charles s Theatre, which is shut up, or the usual mildness and beauty of the climate; added to which, my bankers here have failed, and stripped me of a good sum of money; part of my establishment has been shipwrecked, and at the moment I am writing to you, reminiscences of yours come again upon me.
The removal of my heloved husband, in the midst of his use fulness, is a part of that plan.
no means impossible that the theory may have been originated by several persons independently during the last part of the sixteenth and the early part of the seventeenth centuries.
This operation is only a continuation of the concentrating process and also its completion; the same boiler which is suitable for the first part of this process is the one now again required, the fire must be carefully attended to, the sirup skimmed when required, and if it rises in foam, must be stopped as before by a piece of grease: when the proof shows 90 1-2 to 91 of Reaumor, Fahrenheit which point it may reach, if the sirup is very good, it is time to stop
The formation of historical associations in different parts of New England, are indications of an increasing interest.
Enter Barri from the inner part of the tent, guarded.
What I have seen as a part of the will of that God who is so wise as to do nothing and require nothing in /z/ vain, can not be so accounted by me.
Statement of Bishop Meade, in reply to sonic parts of Bislop Onderdonk's Statement of Facts and Circumstances connected with his trial.
All parts of the tree are penetrated by pyrites of a brass yellow colour, disseminated through the most solid and stony parts of the interior, -- filling interstices in the outer rind, or investing its capillary pores.
It is here subjoined, as a specimen of the grave song, admired at that period among the better educated part of the community.
In the severe winter of 1851-2, many cultivators lost nearly all their stocks, and a large part of those which survived, were too much weakened to be able to swarm.
looked upon not merely as an amusement, but as a part of every man's business, to which a portion of each day is, as a matter of course, devoted.
Several days were passed in touching at different parts of the coast, as they retraced their course; but everywhere the natives appeared to have caught the alarm, and assumed a menacing, and from their numbers a formidable, aspect.
For the greatest hardship we have suffered hath been salt meat; which by towi in winter, and fish in summer, together with some poultry, lamb, mutton, veal, and plenty of venison, the best part of the year hath been made very passable.
sound, While from thine eye the winged lightnings part; Thou in the highest arch of heaven art found, In the dark regions of the earth thou art, And in the humble cell of the repentant heart.
errand to those parts, and his surprise at meeting with English traders in a country to which England had no pretensions; intimating that, in future, any intruders of the kind would be rigorously dealt with.
One part of the wood is more porous than that of the walnut, but the other is more compact: this gives the grain of the wood something the appearance of that of ash; and where it abounds, it is used for similar purposes, the small shoots for hoops, and the grown trees for agricultural instruments.
Part of its carbonic acid it obtains by direct absorption from the superincumbent air, and part is given to it by the respiration of fishes and other aquatic ani- MODE OF DIFFUSION OF GASES INTO WATER.
After passing the Nebraska, the party halted for part of two days on the bank of the river, a little above Papillion Creek, to supply themselves with a stock of oars and poles from the tough wood of the ash, which is not met with higher up the Missouri.
About one tenth part only of this vast territory is as yet settled by a civilized population.
termed ventricles are formed, which do not exist in fishes, reptiles, or birds; curiously organized parts, such as the corpora striata, are added; it is now the brain of the mammalia.
Home still had its cares; the present, its bitterness; the future, its anxiety; but these had no part in her present reverie, for, giving the reins to a charmed fancy, and, for the time, banishing every painful thought, she was dwelling with fond and eager anticipation upon that ever fruitful prospect of enjoyment, a young girl's first journey.
The Monarchy according to the Charter does not, in our opinion, in its purely theoretical part, exhaust the great question of representative government, or even furnish any decic.ledly original and striking views on the subject.
A conviction of the impracticability of establishing a general government, pervading every part of the United States, and extending essential benefits to all. "
Early in the history of philosophy, the distinction between the two parts of knowledge furnished, the one by the reason, and the other by the sense, was apprehended, though not well understood or clearly defined.
But even in the streets, where all sorts are found, there is none to take the Christian's part -- unless it be that old gashed soldier of the fifth legion, who stalks through the streets as though all Rome were his.
The qualified negative of the president, differs widely from this absolute negative of the British sovereign; and tallies exactly with the revisionary authority of the council of revision of this state, of which the governor is a constituent part.
will war upon the principles he has sworn to maintain, and upon the property rights the protection of which are part of the compact of the Union.
Go on your way, and fear nothing; for I will follow after, and see you safely to the wicket; and I think, while I am near, no three men in these parts will dare to harm you.
Part of them belong to Lopez; let him come and herd them. '
* * * * * Thus Satan, talking to his nearest mate, With head uplift above the wave, and eyes That sparkling blazed; his other parts besides, Prone on the flood extended long and large, Lay floating many a rood. "
The western parts of Hellas, rough Etolia, and woody Acarnania, are indeed among the largest districts, but are so inferior to the rest
The central part is almost wholly uninhabited, and covered with primitive forests, which are visited only by hunters and lumberers.
The stomach and the other parts of the nutritive apparatus are ordained to convert enough food into chyle to replenish the blood, and to supply it with the means of repairing the waste of the textures.
There are few parts that * ' may not, and none that will not, be read by women. "
The records of oratory already form a large component part of American literature. "
Such was the Moon, his sister-wife; the Stars, revered as part
It very properly fell to the part of Gen. Cass, then Secretary of War, to convey to those interested in the matter the final determination of the President.
Rome, Florence, Venice, Milan, Turin, every part of Italy which dared to strike for liberty, is obliged to succumb to overwhelming force.
Man and woman are so completely different in their whole organization that, as it has been remarked, no single part of the one could he properly substituted for the corresponding part of the other.
The folks in these parts have their own notions of the matter; but they don't like to speak freely on the subject.
As an illustration of this, we need but refer to the celebrated Foote, who made his debut in Othello and failed; Liston, who attempted Octavian; Quick, who undertook Richard the Third, and was ridiculect; Munden, who, in the early part of his career, discovered " that tragedy was not his forte; " Dowton, who commenced as a tragedian; Jack Reeve, who once played Othello; Finn, who has enacted Jaffier, and " last not least, " Hackett, who butchered King Lear and Hamlet in cold blood.
It is the part of the officer to command -- of the men to execute.
At Inversnaid we took boat again to go down Loch Lomond to the little inn of Rowardennan, from which the ascent is made of Ben Lomond, the greatest elevation in these parts.
So in regard to dress, a lady will sometimes purchase an elegant and expensive article, which, instead of attracting admiration from the eye of taste, will merely serve as a decoy to the painful contrast of all other parts of the dress.
In various ways, besides the appropriation, by a part, of an undue share of the products, industry is barren of results, its activity is dissipated in profitless toil, and it is made a drudgery and curse.
They owed, indeed, allegiance to the British king, as the head of each colonial government, and as forming a part /z/ thereof; but this allegiance was exclusive, in each colony, to its own government, and, consequently, to the king as the head thereof, and was not a common allegiance of the people of all the colonies to a common head.
For where known words are used, to which a distinct meaning has attached, the accustomed interpretation of them must be followed; and, as under the confederation, the words " United States " could not imply one whole, because the parts were kept distinct, so the same words can not, in the constitution, mean one whole, but the several parts. "
He understands it therefore to be his duty, as a member of the Committee of Com missions, and especially in view of the rules adopted this morning, on the motion of Dr. Alexander, (and he will act on that understanding, unless otherwise expressly directed by the Assembly,) to enrol only such commissioners to the next Assembly as shall come from Presbyteries, now, or at the close of this Assembly, recognised to be component and integral parts of the Presbyterian Church; and that, to the Assembly so constituted, when duly organized for the transaction of business, it will be his duty to report the names of persons claiming to be commissioners from Presbyteries that may be
Nor was hers an insignificant part in the policy which eventually delivered France from internal factions and from foreign influence.
But from a comparison of their statements, we may infer, that though this Amphictyonia did not by any means embrace the whole of the Hellenes, yet the most considerable states of the mother country and of Asia Minor took part in it.
I dwell, with self-condemnation and shame, upon this part of my story.
We had about two hundred of these men on board, but the part of the vessel occupied by them is so distinct from the cabins, that we never saw them, except when we stopped to take in wood; and then they ran, or rather sprung and vaulted over each other's heads to the shore, whence they all assisted in carrying wood to supply the steam engine; the performance of this duty being a stipulated part of the payment of their passage.
Great care should be taken, that no ornament should be used which is disproportionate in cost to the other parts of the building; that all the ornaments should belong to the same style of architecture; and that none should be used, but for some express purpose, either to aid in the support of the edifice, or to conceal some deformity.
There are undoubtedly other highlands, which answer the first part of the description; and, if the part of the description resting on the direct Northerly course of the Eastern line be dispensed with, our claim is virtually abandoned.
A. Arthur I shall be ready to do my part.
Ishmael, in the meantime, performed the part cast to him, by happening in the neighborhoods where Fyler plied his calling, and taking occasion to point him out to various doctors, as a worthy old gentleman (reduced in circumstances), a little beside himself, and whom he would be sorry to see committing any violence, such as braining a child or the like.
All the love, liking (I can not find a word to express the essential volatility of the sentiment in my experience of it) that I have ever felt for all my favourites, brown and fair, does not amount to one thousandth part of the immutable affection that I bear you, my dear sister.
She took snuff in such quantities as to create the impression that she owed the saffron of her lips and the adjacent parts to this circumstance; but it was
Frank took the Doctor to his home, resolved never to part with so faithful and gallant a friend, whose faults had been the faults of unfortunate circumstances, but whose heart, he felt assured, was ' in the right place. '
But it is not so with reports in our law, of which digests and abridgments are published because the very best of these are for the chief part
Its nobility includes, we believe, from thirty to forty ancient members of the Empire, who, on the score of their great landed property, and the place they hold in public opinion, are well qualified to be the component parts of a House of Peers.
that can not be; For though by fate we're forced to part, Thou ne'er canst absent be to me, -- Thou ' rt ever present in my heart!
H perpendicular to the side of the rail; by reckoning round the dotted line from 5 to 10, you will find there are five treads, or five winders; therefore from q to 5, set up the height of five steps; produce the longest side, a b, of the pitchboard D, to c bisect 6 c, at 2; draw a line from 2 to 5; then divide 2 6 and 2 5, each into the same number of equal parts, and intersect the angle by the common method of intersecting lines, will give the under edge of the falling mould; then a line drawn parallel to it, the thickness of the rail, will give the upper edge, which is the falling mould for half the rail; draw the lines I I, 2 k, 3 i, and 4 h, parallel to b q, to intersect the falling mould, at the points h, i, k, I; from these points draw the parallel dotted lines
It is the triumph of the painter's eye and skill, that, working on a large surface, he can so far carry the whole design in his mind as to complete each individual part in entire symmetry.
But the wisest and best of our philosophers hold that the entire system of which we are but insignificant parts, is based on certain immutable truths of a divine origin.
Vegetation in those parts is in general but a fifth more speedy than in Europe, even taking as an example the Platanus occidentalis, the tulip tree, and the Cupressus disticha, which reach from nine to fifteen feet in diameter.
That place was then the central point of Indian negotiation and intrigues, and the savages were there collected from every part of the surrounding country, and fed and clothed at the expense of the British government.
Where, however, a dull and spiritless millionaire, ambitious of notoriety without the talent to acquire legitimate reputation, happens to be a part proprietor of
Now supposing a constitution may embrace subjects of ordinary governments, an amendment may of course do the same; and then, with these systematic provisions for amending by the popular voice, our re * public begins in earnest to look and operate like a democracy; the state legislatures playing the insignificant part of preparing statutes for the people to enact.
There is a set of men, in all parts of the country, who make a business of gambling, and league together to draw in unwary youth and strip them of all they possess, and of more, if they can lay their hands upon money not their own.
is not infrequent among women of station and education in the most enlightened parts of the Country.
All that is said by the court, to which this statement can be supposed to relate, is in these words: " That part of the act which
Seven of these, placed one above another, constitute that part of the spine which is in the neck.
They doubtless fulfilled, more or less worthily, more or less faithfully, their part in the great drama of existence; they toiled, they suffered; /z/ by turns they became the victims of the craft, the power, the oppression of their fellows, and of the still more unrelenting domination of their own passions and propensities; and ' life's fitful fever o'er, they sleep well. '
Here ' Bram, who had been showing himself very impatient of a conversation in which he had been suffered to take no part, interposed and said, abruptly enough: -- " I yer somet'ing ' bout dat same gal, Mass Willie.
He who wishes to walk in the most peaceful parts of life with any serenity must screw himself up to resolution.
It is part of the mission of writers to show, and part of the mission of preachers to proclaimand proclaiming it, to exhibit it in their character and careerthat acquirement and study are to be subordinate to Development; that development itself, even at its perfection, is to be tributary to Action; and that action, to be worthy of the powers of man, must be devoted to permanent and great interests; must be harmonious
As our readers may have anticipated, Susan at once entered into Harry's views; and, in a short time, she and her family were transferred to a part of a small house in Broome-street, in New-York.
his brother's part, and some that of Ferrers, while, in the dark, friend struggled and quarrelled with friend as much as foe, no one attempting to quell the tumult, until the door was suddenly burst open, and Hamilton with Trevannion and two or three from the school-room entered.
We must content ourselves with this endeavor to analyze the gentleman, imperfect as it is, and simply observe in closing this part of our subject, that the true elements may be in very different proportions.
the view of ascertaining bow far these data, respecting the mere expense of the transmission of letters, apart from the other charges of Post Office management, would he applicable to this country, we have ascertained the rates at which a parcel of the weight of one hundred pounds, would he sent by the Express Companies, to different parts of the States, with the same dispatch as the mails, and the results are as follows From.
My first notion was, that, some half pay scoundrel had, probably, been cashiered in the army; and willing to re-establish his character, by a squabble with a peaceable citizen; was about to pick a quarrel with me;
Mr. A. C. Hobbs, of the lock-making concern of Day &; Newell, has improved his leisure here in picking a six-tumbler Bank Lock of Mr. Chubb, the great English locksmith, and he now gives notice that he can pick any of Chubb's locks, or any other based on similar principles
But he rose, and wearily followed after the bold Alphonse, who was already picking his way down the steep sides
Coil, and then with a violent effort, restraining herself, she continued, " No matter, M'Murdock -- there now -- pick up the pieces, and throw them away down the yard, so that little brother and you won't cut your feet. "
each other, and picking up the stones in the bed of the stream.
He was a pig merchant of the vicinity, but had formerly been a trooper in the army of Napoleon, where, I suppose, like the drunken coachman of Evora, he had picked up his French and his habits of intoxication.
So don't be down in the mouth; but pick up, and hev a good heart, and you may see sights of fine fighting before many days.
You can faintly hear, about the door, the " craw, craw " of some neighbouring chickens, who have stepped around to consider the dinner-baskets, and pick up the crumbs of the noon's repast.
wretch began to pick up, as I said before, and in three days was such another woman that nobody could have told that she was the poor crazy thing that ran about the lanes and alleys of the Points.
that humble piece of domesticity, an onion, - we are obliged to search as if for the proverbial needle; to dive into family records, dim with the dust of time, or useless from the suspicious coloring of pride or affection; to call upon the East and the West, the North and the South, to rummage the memory-garrets of their " oldest inhabitants; " in short, to pick, as it were, from thorns and briers by the way-side, stray locks of the material which should have been carded and spun by the growers, ready for the weaving skill of the present day.
The science of government, and even history, which forms its natural complement, are nearly overlooked in the usual routine of collegiate and professional studies; and most of our statesmen e * iter the halls of Congress and of the state legislatures, unprovided with any other notions on the great subjects of politics, ethics, political economy, and history, ancient and modern, excepting such as they have picked up by chance in their leisure reading.
Now, you come in and pick over the berries with your little, nice, quick fingers, and I'll spread the table, strain the milk, and bake a bit of oaten cake, and we'll have a meal fit for a king. "
And with this resolve he at once repaired to the carriage, in which he took a seat with the three gentlemen of the committee, leaving me to pick my way as best I could, and drove away for the hotel, (followed at a respectful distance by the loquacious alderman, thus comically mounted,) with this strange string of cattle.
Partly because he knows this is just the finest country in the world, and the finest air, and he wants them to run over the hills and pick wild strawberries and drink country milk, and all that sort of thing.
I should have to run away if I did, for mother wants me to pick up wood, and father wants me to do every thing; but I would not mind running away, for they are no parents to me, and I've no need to be a son to them.	61:65	0:217	 I should have to run away if I did , for mother wants me to pick up wood , and father wants me to do every thing ; but I would not mind running away , for they are no parents to me , and I 've no need to be a son to them .
from each other with the crowding of their roots, and the feldspar begins to be picked out of the granite to find them food.
He was soon picked up, and the crew thus saved the ominous presage of commencing the cruise with a funeral.
One pound of currants, picked, washed and dried.
As to the quantity which a hand can pick in a day, there is a great difference; some will pick only from 75 to 100 lbs.
Just as she was entering the proch of the inn, under the shadow of which her parents -- for such they seemed to be -- had already disappeared, one of the men in scarlet livery, who had arrived before the carriage, stooped suddenly to the ground as if to pick up something which had fallen; and when he rose again, although his comrad had not observed anything before either lying in the road or in his hand, he held a small embroidered kerchief with golden threads interwoven in the tissue; and immediately running up to the young lady, he gave it to her
In closing these remarks, I beg leave to caution those unacquainted with the management of fruit of the great importance of handling it, when gathered, in a careful manner; for certain it is, that in many cases quantities of fruit, intended to be kept for a length of time, are rotted and decayed, owing to its being bruised when picked and put away.
Releasing his hold, he fell on his feet, picked the knife from the stone, and, placing it between his teeth, began to ascend the tree.
, while some extraordinary pickers can pick as high as 4 or 500 lbs.
A little flock of these titmice came daily to pick a dinner out of my woodpile, or the crumbs at my door, with faint flitting lisping notes, like the tinkling of icicles in the grass, or else with sprightly day day day, or more rarely, in spring-like days, a wiry summery phe-be from the woodside.
They pick the wool, and card tow, and wind quills, and knit stockins and mittins for the fokes in the house; and I've brought some down with me to day, to see if they'll buy ' em to the marchants ' shops, and let ' em have a couple o ' leetle small shawls.
Lamato That were nothing, we buy disguises for ourselves when we have reached the place, that no eye howe'er so well knowing our forms, could pick a mark or point, whereby they might ken us; then will it be shorter to fetch Elvira, when we have stowed what we shall take and bring her safely from the haunt; how like you it?
Arista smiles, as from afar he surveys the effect of his fire: for every discharge flings a shower of blood into the faces of living men, and from the solid ranks, picks out brave forms and crushes them into the grave, dug by the cannon ball
My flesh is fairly sore, and I tremble all over, every day, and Sambo's allers a jawin ' at me, ' cause I doesn't pick faster; and nights it's most midnight ' fore I can get my supper; and den ' pears like I don't turn over and shut my eyes, ' fore I hear de horn blow to get up, and at it agin in de mornin '.
Here are innumerable lakes, with which the whole landscape is gemmed, generally skirted with fine forest growths, and so clear that a late traveler in his enthusiasm says, that in looking into them one can see through to the other side of the globe and view the Chinese picking tea!
I have had no trouble as yet, my dear, in picking up recruits,  said Mr. Hopkins, whose attention seemed equally divided between his snuff-box, and the little Hopkins, junior, on his knee -- his great-nephew. "
I wouldn't pretend to say it ' s equal to some land I've hearn tell of away off in Ohio, where the corn grows so tall they have to go up on a ladder to pick the ears off; and where a boy fell into the hole that his father had dug a beet out of, and they had to let down a bed-cord to draw him up again; and where pigs are so plenty that they run about the farms ready roasted, and some of ' em with knives and forks in their backs for any body who wants to eat.
We have here no ambitious young soldier; no orator panting for an occasion; no politician, eager only for advancement; but one who, intent on none of these things, would win fame by picking history out of a parcel of monkish chronicles.
Further pursuit was useless; but the boats still lingered in their wake to pick up what drugged whales might
The first time Rose set him up behind the carriage, he tumbled head over heels into the middle of it, and stood there on his head till she picked him out again.
The Cardinal Ippolito d'Este, on receiving a copy of the Orlando of Ariosto, asked the author " where he picked up all that trumpery. "
I had been picking the skin off my finger bones, and holding them up occasionally to look at them, until I began to feel some curiosity to see my phiz! "
Under foot the ground was heavy with a sluggish sweat, rather than dew, and through blind paths and among tufts of useless grass, Leycraft picked his way; winding about in long circles, and only approaching the spot by degrees.
From the difficulty of finding employments that can be practised at all in the solitary cell, 697 convicts at Philadelphia, or one third of the whole number that had been imprisoned there under the separate system down to the close of 1845, were kept at work only in winding bobbin and picking oaknm, the coarsest sort of labor, requiring no exercise of mind, and obviously incapable of supporting them after their release.
The next morning, they were all had up before a magistrate, and all but Simmins were sent to the poor-house for a month, to pick oakum, greatly to the relief of their mother, who had no more
However, he added, " that if he had good luck in his trip down east, he was agent for a Hartford Life Assurance Company, he meant to pick up something handsome in the way of horse flesh to take home with him. "
She picked up the comb, and gave it to her aunt with not a
Fruit of medium size, roundish, oblong or ovate, narrowing to the eye, smooth, and when first picked
She picked very fast and very clean, and with an air of scorn, as if she despised both the work and the disgrace and humiliation of the circumstances in which she was placed.
all the whites, exeept some of the most beautiful women, whom they intended to keep as wives; said that these white men had told them that they might do so, and that he had already picked out one for himself; and that he and his wife had already had a quarrel in consequence of his having told her his intention.
Now, boys, " cried Black George, in a stentorian voice, " every man pick a nigger, and give the -- skunks h --! "
Still the painter persisted in his story, and assur- /z/ ed them that he then saw the figures of several of their mutual friends passing on the roof over his bed; and that he even saw fowls picking, and the very stones of the street.
Magawisca saw two of the men go off in pursuit, while the other remained picking up the implements that Everell had dropped, and muttering something of old Barnaby sleeping as if he slept his last sleep.
in the vicinity of the white cliffs, a gentleman picked up from the ground a large colourless rock crystal, with six sided prisms and a pyramidal termination of three faces.
On the islands there were recent traces of both reindeer and bears; and I amused myself picking some pretty arctic flowers, such as anemones, poppies, and saxifrage, which grew in sheltered
endeavoured to make his situation as uncomfortable as possible, as some meaner birds of prey might pick at Prometheus while chained and writhing under the beaks of his fierce vulture. "
She knows she mustn't pick flowers, -- so she does it; that's all there is to it.
Such was the confidence in his fidelity and skill that a roving commission was granted him, with liberty to pick his associates from the Brigade.
The water had now got above my ankles, when, to my inexpressible joy, I saw a sloop bending down towards me, with the evident intention of picking me up.
Here these poor boys, picked up from the streets, are redeemed from bondage and gross ignorance by the most patient and constant devotion of time and effort.
The battle was not long, and by the time Ellie had picked up her armful of wood, and taken Charley by the hand, (he looked very sorry now,) Wide-Awake's victory was achieved.
After this startling preliminary, Vernon proceeded to classify those details of fact -- those floating circumstances, which, picked up from sundry quarters, formed the groundwork of the faith that was in him. "
wire traps, Or some device their masters picked A kindly misery to inflict.
True, " says the negligent lounger; " picking cotton isn't hard work. "
There is your crucifix, sweet Constanza, " he said, bending to pick it up -- " What!
Frank took no notice of them, until his sister stooped down to pick a flower, and as she did so, he saw the paper on her back. "
Pull us a little, Wint'rop -- we have picked everything.
Ned Mathews Well, I fancy he picked him up in the street, with his French.
Jacquelina impulsively darted upon it, picked it up, opened, and read it.
The meal done, the tent was carefully swept out, the last careful arrangement of the pebbles, termed " picking the feathers, " was made, and then a water-proof sheet spread, to
For an hour she wandered about, picking up such chance splinters
Well, Jowler and she picked a quart of huckleberries, and then Kitty started for home, Jowler carrying the basket in his mouth part of the way, when Kitty spied any flowers she wished to pick.
She read them hurriedly, picked them up, put them down, gazed on the manly brow of Bradshaw, so calm in sleep, the eye closed like a weapon sheathed, and quickly replacing the paper with scrupulous exactness, but with a trembling hand, in the very spot she found it, she left the room, with timid step and fluttering heart, cautiously closing the door after her.
Meantime, we will pick Master Scolopax out from the company of all the long-bills, and deliver him to sacrificial fire.
I pick myself up, and, full of wrath, behold her placidly chewing the cud on the other side, with the meekest air imaginable, as who should say,
It was on the Big Plains, where not a tree nor shrub may be seen for miles around; where ambuscades are unknown, and it is very hard to steal a march upon the timid birds which are frightened at a very shadow; only they do not fear the flocks and herds which pasture upon the plains, but tamely pick up the worms beneath their feet.
The knowledge will spread on to the other plantations; bright niggers will pick it up; for the very fellows who are most dangerous are the very ones
every night, as a nominal protection against chilblains and rheumatism: while the door of the closet was carefully fastened and secured within, from a fear which the occupant somehow or other encouraged, that he should be roused some unlucky morning with a heavy hand on his throat, a big grim face bending over him, and his pockets all picked clean.
The messenger found that he could be induced to go no farther; so he was obliged to pick him up and carry him.
His sister laughed long and loud at this sally, which was uttered rather angrily, and with an air of most manful bravery; and, Mr. Jenkins, picking up his end
To return to the house, rouse the servants in the kitchen, get lights and survey the premises, consumed some time; and, in the meanwhile, the wounded robber made a desperate effort to crawl off; he had crept down the steps into the yard, but had fainted from loss of blood, and, when picked up, was quite insensible, with a severe wound in the thigh.
He was sent with half a dozen others to pick up stones in a neighboring field.
She saw her father go round the cottage to enter it, and then picking up her bracelet she approached Alfonzo, who came forth from his hiding place, and clasped her hand.
So I want you to go to work as soon as you get this, and pick up my letters, and begin to print ' em in a book; and I ' ll set down and write a history of my life to put into it, and send it along as fast as I can get it done.
From loose piles lying upon the surface and evidently picked over, I procured specimens of silver and copper.
The average weight picked by all the hands on a place, will seldom exceed 150 or 160 lbs.
Such timber, and such bottom land, why you can't preserve any thing natural you plant in it unless you pick it young, things thar will grow out of shape so quick.
She was sitting idly by the window, picking one or two faded leaves from the rose-bush I had given her, which was now full of blossoms.
in the work of getting breakfast; for a breakfast in the luxurious valleys of Indiana is a thing complicated and multiform, and, like picking up the rose-leaves and trimming the bushes in Paradise, asking other hands than those of the original mother.
It wa'n't to be, hows'mver, that the old man shouldn't get int ' a scrape; for what's the feller with the bow and arr do, after consideren and smellen a smart and long spell, but pick up the whole stool, -- every one on ' em, -- and sling ' em ov'r's shoulder, and begin to make tracks!
It's as fine sport to knock them down as to pick them up. "
now and then such unaccountable odds and ends of strange nations come up from the unknown nooks and ash-holes of the earth to man these floating outlaws of whalers; and the ships themselves often pick up such queer castaway creatures found tossing about the open sea on planks, bits of wreck, oars, whaleboats, canoes, blown-off Japanese junks, and what not; that Beelzebub himself might climb up the side and step down into the cabin to chat with the captain, and it would not create any unsubduable excitement in the forecastle.
Thus they advanced, now at a foot's pace, picking their ground where the soil was softest and the prairie grass longest, that so the sound of their horses ' feet might be deadened -- with their reins well in hand, their broadswords loosened in their scabbards, and their forefingers on the triggers of their carbines.
She turned around, and saw that he had picked for her the very rose that she had admired so much, and as she took it from him, he whispered, " I hope you don't think that I meant to hurt you this noon, when I threw that stone -- I wouldn't hurt you for the world.
distance, they would pick up tories as so many hawks would kick (pick?)
Well, ' says I, I want to know first, if I have a right to fire back your shot, if they miss me, and I can pick ' em up? '
The most usual way of preparing salt cod for eating when it comes to table, is (after picking out all the bones) to mince it fine on your plate, and mix it with mashed potato, parsnip, and egg-sauce; seasoning it to your taste with cayenne and mustard.
We left her picking up the glass, so that he might not get it into his bare feet when he came in.
On the contrary, the word of God declares, " The eye that mocketh at his father, and scorneth to obey his mother, the ravens of the valley shall pick it out, and the young eagles shall eat it; " meaning that God will visit with sore punishment those that despise and ill-treat their parents.
All that any one would have to do would be to pick the pods when they are ripe, and spread them out to dry. "
I never was so much surprised in all the fighting I have seen, knowing, too, that the Americans generally shoot well, as I was to see this army of several hundreds retreating, without showing fight, and passing immediately through their encampment, I did think they intended to halt there, as the situation would have forbidden attack by my party if their number had not exceeded half of mine, as we would have been compelled to take the open prairie whilst they could have picked trees to shield themselves from our fire.
Would you believe it, my dear Fritz, that such laurels have been pinned to my ears, as the association of my papers with this Coryphus of letters!
Why, this refractory young individual couldn't be persuaded to walk towards home in any other way, when they had him out for an airing, and what does this old friend of mine do, but allow a handkerchief to be pinned to his coat-tail, and go prancing along the street like a horse for the spoiled brat to drive.
The figure of the old negro was low and stooping; and he wore, pinned round his shoulders, a half-handkerchief or shawl of red flannel, arranged much as an old woman would have arranged it.
Morton had thrown him on his back, and pinned him to the floor, by planting his knee on Sir Philip's breast, and had interrupted his cries, and almost suffocated him, by stuffing his cloak into his mouth.
Dorothy gave her to understand that when her little sister Malvina was sick, and Miss Amy with the Parson came to see her, she wanted a pink which Miss Amy had pinned on her breast, and that having got possession of it she would not part with it, but kept it by her, and
There -- we think we have pinned the Bludgeon man to the wall, and now we'll dispose of him of the Trumpet, by suggesting whether it wouldn't be better for him to buy a copy of the works of Mr. Joseph Miller at once, rather than be at the trouble of stealing his jokes from all the newspapers in the country?
These, however, our two dogs, (of whom more hereafter,) soon smelled and finally gnawed clean off; when we pinned on thick half tanned leather, which swagging till the door dragged on the earth, we at last manufactured wooden hinges; and these remained till the dissolution of our colony.
I shuddered and stood still as the two haggish-looking old women wrapped and pinned the sheet about the stiffening limbs, with as much imbecile glee as they apparently were capable of. "
The consciousness of having one's foot pinned; and the impossibility of getting it anywhere else than just where it was, was most distressing.
These entrances were formed by cutting away the logs for the space of three feet by six, and were closed by rude doors, made of rough slabs, pinned strongly to heavy cross bars,
A starched tucker is pinned, with a pedantic precision, across her breast; and a prim cap of muslin, puckered into a point with a grotesque conceit, adorns her head.
With a low growl he bounded into the cabin, at a most critical moment for Augustus, and throwing himself upon Jones, pinned him to the floor in an instant.
At the same time, he slily pinned the other on Frank's roundabout.
I may as well go, while she sleeps so quietly, and gather a dish of the crimson berries she loves so well, for her breakfast; they will be nice with a dish of old Crummie's sweet milk; " and, pinning a green blanket over her head, the old woman went forth on her errand.
The articles forming an entire and complete suit, were luckily found carefully pinned together, and this rendered the task comparatively easy and brief.
The only answer was a long strain at the door -- till at last the door was forced a little open, and the rascal got his whole hand in and would soon have worked in all his arm; when, with a single thrust, I dashed my dirk right through his hand and pinned him that way to the door-cheek.
Full at this opening the wolf dashed, as fresh, Tom said, as though he had not run a yard; but as he struggled through it, his efforts shook the top rails from the yokes, and the huge piece of timber falling across his loins, pinned him completely!
Another pinned him by his sleeve to the spot; and his career in the next moment would probably have been ended, but for the timely appearance of Colonel Tarleton himself.
one of its members found an old acquaintance lying asleep in a dirty alley, scarcely covered with filthy rags, pinned and tied together.
I stood before her door, but outside it was pinned a piece of paper on which these words were traced: " My friend, I can not see you to-day.
The feather that adorns the royal bird, supports his flight; strip him of his plumage, and you pin him to the earth. "
Untying a piece of crape which she had wound around her throat, (for she was never without some badge of mourning,) she stooped and gently wiped the tears from Jane's cheek, saying, in a low tone, " Bottles full of odours, which are the tears of saints; " then rising, she carefully closed the curtains, and busied herself for some minutes in pinning them together.
, with square muslin handkerchiefs, pinned formally over the bosom, their hair combed back, and covered with muslin caps with straight borders, and white as the driven snow.
Just as you will have to, by and by, " she replied; " but come, pin your collar on, and come down to breakfast. "
apron of the same hid the fire-place all summer, and was pinned before the book-shelf in winter.
Miss Starchington -- Gray gown; white handkerchief pinned over chest and
The throstle can also, with more ease, and at less expense, be altered to pin the different grists of yarn; only a few movements require to // be changed in it to produce this end, while in the spinning-frame there are a great many. '
Next was a sacking of clapboards pinned down; and then a very thick straw bed, and over that a sumptuous feather bed; the whole very comfortable for the good old folks, especially as Uncle Tommy used to say of themselves, that they were " old and tough. "
Lamato No, for Mammon I love him, and I will pin him tightly to me; why should not I run through a change?
He was pinned suddenly by Lazy Jake Owens, who had just returned from a reinspection of " Graystreak. "
Unless the bees cluster at a considerable distance from the place where they are intended to be permanently stationed, the new hive which receives them may stand on the Protector in its proper place, with the sheet tacked or pinned to the alighting-board, and spread out over the mound in front of the entrance.
Next in order come little children; and the boy will put a napkin about his neck for a cravat, and the girl supply her ideal of a veil by pinning a pocket handkerchief to her bonnet, while we laugh at the self-deception, and fancy that we value only realities.
, as without wincing he tore the arrow from his arm, " but this be no time to stand pinned like a scarecrow to a tree.
A white veil, carelessly pinned about her brow, fell over her shoulders in graceful drapery; and as she glided along, the loose white robe, that constituted the uniform of her order, displayed to the utmost advantage that undulating outline of beauty, for which the statues of Psyche are so remarkable.
-- If Cosmo wed her I have her -- sealed; and by the vengeful gods I pin her to the bond, or that divulge, Shall sink her lower than her eyes dare look.
- was pinning together the fragments of my new uniform coat, which hung about my shoulders in most lamentable tatters.
If a man who owns a hundred sheep could pin a ballot into the wool of each, drive the flock to.
Fortunately for Lord Templeton and his accomplished daughters, their defender, who is a distinguished American, heard their cries, and courageously and successfully attacked the robbers -- pinning the prisoner at the bar to the earth; and although dangerously wounded, retaining his grasp until aided by the noble Lord and others, who opportunely arrived at the spot. "
-- Now, upon my life, If this strange temper holds, I soon shall hear That thou art jealous of my waiting maid For pinning of my kerchief.
Until Cabaco's published discovery, the sailors had little foreseen it, though to be sure when, after being a little while out of port, all hands had concluded the customary business of fitting the whaleboats for service; when some time after this Ahab was now and then found bestirring himself in the matter of making thole-pins with his own hands for what was thought to be one of the spare boats, and even solicitously cutting the small wooden skewers, which when the line is running out are pinned over the groove in the bow: when all this was observed in him, and particularly his solicitude in having an extra coat of sheathing in the bottom
One man thrust his bayonet through his mouth till it came out below his ear; another ran him throu,, h the arm; and a third pinned him to the earth with a thrust through the hip.
When I first awoke I felt as if pinned to the floor, and I was startled and alarmed at the recurrence of a malady, on account of which I was then an exile from home.
It had caught, as if by providential direction, in the very chaos of combat, the figure that had sent forth the cry of affliction; and as he bestrid the body of Abdalla, and caught up the childish minstrel from his person, he shivered with a single stroke of his sabre, the spear that, in a moment, would have pinned to the earth both father and son. "
A huge pine desk, painted red; an old stool with three legs; a chair with a broke; back; and a map of " building lots " pinned broken the smoky wall.
As he bent down to examine his wounds and staunch the blood, his eye fell upon a piece of white paper, pinned upon his body, on which was writing in a legible hand; at the same moment the wounded man gave a groan, a gasp, and all was over.
The dangers arising from great standing armies to the liberties of nations, appear thickly strewed in almost every page of history, and the present condition of the people of Europe, pinned to the earth by the bayonets of two millions of hireling soldiers, furnishes an example of the invariable result of nations depending not on their own martial spirit, and patriotic devotion to their country, but on standing armies, composed of soldiers, who, whether in a free or despotic government, are equally the slaves of
There are many who pin their faith on that " insincere production. "
Why, I never heard of it before,  said Miss Jerusha, pinning a little blue bow on the top of the muslin cap, to make it look tasty, as she observed. "
Having survived the operation, Captain Bailey, who was really disposed to do the best he could, pinned a towel against his vest, and took hold of the churn, saying, " Now, my dears, I'll make the butter, while you arrange the dinner. "
At last rose in answer the voice of an invisible wood-nymph, and that was followed shortly by the appearance among the bushes of the hamadryad in the shape of an athletic woman with a red head; who girding up her loins -- (anglic, pinning up her petticoat) -- stepped barefooted and bareheaded into the boat, her little boy at the moment casting loose the grape vine rope -- its fastening.
With that he came in (' t was a little dark, with the shawl pinned at the windy): -- Don't go too near her face, for fear her breath's infractious, ' sis I. I didn't bring a light, sir, ' sis I.
, and it was buttoned close up to his throat, or rather pinned up, for the top buttons were all gone; his gloves were ragged, and his boots were heel-less; his cap, as usual, was drawn very much over his eyes. "
But what resemblance to such example can we trace in a mass of all manner of fruit and flowers, tied heavily into a long bunch, thickest in the middle, and pinned up by both ends against a dead wall?
When the copy was finished, Mary Erskine cut it off from the top of the paper and pinned it up against the side of the room, where she could look at it and study the names of the letters in the intervals of her work during the day. "
Some are so much afraid of pinning their faith upon authority, and taking opinions upon trust, that they dare not rely on the word of God himself, nor yield belief to evidence which is perfectly conclusive.
We shall advert frequently to him, not because we pin our faith upon his sleeve, great and good as he was, nor because /z/ we wish others to do it, but for the purpose of awakening a desire carefully to investigate his principles, believing he has done more than any other man in exploring the basis of human obligation, and in reconciling
must make the best selections; they therefore forego the trouble of forming an opinion of their own, and pin their faith upon the decisions -- or rather the practice, of the amateurs.
Time makes sad havoc in twenty years, " she continued addressing herself to Mr. Redwood; " I think it is little more than that since my beautiful friend, Mary Erwine, was staying with me, and you were almost constantly at our house -- bless me, Caroline, you have run that pin half way into
And then she hung up some sheets all round the bed-room, and the gals brought in a whole handful of roses and pinks and pinned ' em up round as thick as flies in August.
Come over the mountains to me, love, Over to me -- over to me; My spirit is pining for thee, love, Pining for thee -- pining for thee! "
an arrow, in spite of all his fearful writhings he pinned him to the ground, while his knife, in a moment after, played fatally in his heart.
All this passed in a second, when Clifton sprang forward, and with one blow prostrated the villain at the door of the carriage, placing his knee on his breast and pinning him to the earth.
Pin down the undersheet all around as grandmamma has hers; I feel fidgetty to-night, and a wrinkle would disturb me -- heigho!
Each was disposed to " pin his faith " upon others.
It should then be pinned on a board, the moist side downwards, so that two of its edges -- the right and lower ones -- project a little over those of the board.
Colter plucked up the pointed part, pinned the savage to the earth, and continued his flight.
at that booby, Bill Jeffrey, for the girls to laugh at, nor to draw any more pictures on her slate of the Dame Sobriety, as she called Julia, and lastly, not to pin any more chalk rags on the boys ' coats.
We vowed we wouldn't be defeated, so we pinned up our pocket-handkerchiefs together, and, fortunately, they covered the peep-hole; and so we shut him out, at last. "
The mediaeval architects generally employed oak in the construction of their large roofe, the timbers being morticed and pinned together, as shown in fig.
The features were radiant with benevolence; the cap, close-fitted about her venerable face, bore upon it the faded black ribbon, the memento of ancient woe; the close-folded kerchief about her neck was pinned with mathematical exactness, while from beneath the cap border struggled a dark gray lock of hair, like a withered branch in winter waving amid accumulated snows.
Carefully covering him with the thin, tattered blankets, she pinned a shawl over her head, and, softly closing the door behind her, stole forth into the biting night air, and directed a hasty tread toward Mr. Pimble's great brick mansion.
Grace soon arranged her neat little gipsey hat, beneath which her golden ringlets escaped in the most enchanting luxuriance; and the shawl was just pinned about her neck with Quaker simplicity, when Somerville entered. "
indeed, he did not know but he should have a quarrel or two on his hands; but, at last, he had luckily found one who could get nothing else to do, and he pinned him on the spot.
maple leaves pinned to the bottom of her skirt; she was pretending they were the golden fringe of her petticoat.
Unable longer to foil an enemy so alert and vigilant, he threw his arms about him, and succeeded in pinning the limbs of the other to his side, with an iron grasp, but one that was far too exhausting to himself to continue long.
Indeed it looked more like a streak of forked lightning, pinned to the breast of the mountain, than a path for a living thing to tread
A napkin was pinned over the small looking-glass, and the table was draped in white.
delay, Pin up your aprons, both, and come away.
cried the husband, springing upon them with a furious bound -- and his sword in an instant pinned the wife and the wretch Fialto to the door! "
Whatever the cause, matters but little; but the fact itself was of considerable importance to Ella; who took advantage of her freedom, in passing the bushes before noticed, to snatch a leaf unperceived, whereon, by great adroitness, she managed to trace with a pin a few almost illegible characters; and also, in ascending the bank, which she was allowed to do in her own way, to throw down with her foot the stone, break the twig at the same instant, and pin the leaf to it, in the faint hope that an old hunter might follow on the trail, who, if he came to the spot, would hardly fail to notice it.
It is fastened above the comb, and pinned to the hair, thence descending to cover the neck and shoulders, and ending in two embroidered points which depend in front.
But the impatient swain went off and pinned himself to the flightiest little humming-bird in all Soitgoes, and in a month was married,
Indians consists of a petticoat, worn much shorter by the unmarried than by those that are married, and a scarf of sundry colors round the shoulders, which is pinned on one side of the chest with a topa, a large silver pin; but sometimes they use a spoon, the handle of which being pointed serves as a pin. "
I say I pin my faith to Jem Howard -- and trust, and c'nfid'nce, and all that sort ' thing.
On the first page of the book was pinned the billet that had accompanied Somerville's rose.
The shaft sped with such precision that it struck his left shoulder, pierced through the fleshy part of the arm, and pinned it to the tree.
Ill loves the love, who pins his love Upon a point of creed; And balances in selfish doubt, At such a time of need.
Some few passages are perhaps a little too harsh, as, in the battle, one buries his weapon in the heart of one of the enemy; ' so long Tom pinned the English captain to the mast with his harpoon. '
For eighteen centuries and upwards, the human family, estranged from each other, albeit pinned within the fold of // one faith, have striven in deadly feud like the fierce beasts in the Roman arena, or like the iron knights of crusading " chivalry within the fatal lists of cruel ordeal, where might alone did constitute the right, and the fall of the weak substantiated the justice of the strong.
When I pin my faith to a thing, Willum, I like to hev suthin ' to stick the pin into, " he said scornfully.
Adjusting her shawl, which was pinned closely up to her neck, as she passed the threshold, she entered, and at my request, but not until I had myself resumed my seat, took a chair.
She alternately threw a large dark mass above her head, then quickly pinned it to the ground on its descent, then bored it against the wall as it crawled helplessly toward a corner of the shed.
It will be a fine chance for me to read those old letters of Grandma Vaughan's, and to pin up the bows for your new cap.
We observed a ticket pinned to the cushion, with the
Her face, too, always so broad, bright, and benevolent in its changes-is chastely framed in a crape border, so nicely crimped, so nicely tucked under her benevolent chin at one end, and so nicely pinned under the virtuous white lining at the other.
Here they entered, and found themselves in a low-roofed apartment lighted by various glittering and resplendent reflectors pinned against the upright posts at the side; around the whole room there was a narrow bench, and at the farther extremity was a desk several feet above the level of the floor.
If the sun's rays be parallel to any plane, that plane to which they are parallel, is called a plane of shade.
its angles upon a given point A, in the plane, on which the ichnography is to be described; given the ichnography A L, of an angle, which the two under planes make with each other; the angle Ma/, which the angle of the solid makes with its ichnography A L; the intersection A a, of one of its ends with the plane of the ichnography; the angle D A a, which one side of the end makes at A, with the intersection A a of that end; also given one of the sides of the ends, and the length of the prism.
will be no difference between the shadow on the plane, and the side of the prism which projects that shadow; and if the plane be entirely deprived of light, by the extensive breadth of the shadow, the side of the prism will in general be darker than the shadow on the plane: but this will depend very much on the situation of other objects.
There are other kinds of planes besides the above; as the plough, for sinking a groove to receive a projecting tongue; the bead plane, for sticking beads; the snipe bill, for forming quirks; the compass plane and the forkstaff plane,
The old slave, being questioned, fell on his knees and confessed that he had left the babe under a plane tree, on Mount Ida, and that he had afterward seen him in the hut of Mygdomus.
Now if you make the object of the same size and distance from the eye, and put the perspective plane in the same place as the original, (that is, the same proportion, measuring by a scale,) you will obtain the same angle as the original makes, and this angle will intersect the perspective plane precisely as the original angle would a pane of glass, at the given distance from the eye.
The marrowy organisms, with skins that shed water like the backs of ducks, with smooth surfaces neatly padded beneath, and velvet linings to their singing-pipes, are not so common among us as that other pattern of humanity with angular outlines and plane surfaces, and integuments, hair like the fibrous covering of a cocoa-nut in gloss and suppleness as well as color, and voices at once thin and strenuous, - - acidulous enough to produce effervescence with alkalis, and stridulous enough to sing duets with the katydids.
front of the triglyphs, or to the front of the architrave; and if these planes be in the same plane with each otlier, and recessed beyond the ends of the triglyph, so as to show a small part of the vertical sides of the beams; that is, to be further in than the channels of the triglyph; then these spaces so filled up, are called metopes.
Then because that the point q is in the plane 6 c
Bond, in masonry, consists in the placing of the stones in such relative positions that no joint in any course shall be in the same plane with any other joint in the course immediately above or below it.
If a line be situated in a given plane by its traces, this line can only intersect the planes " of projection upon the traces of the plane which contains it.
After three months ' labor with 800 men, the obelisk was removed on an inclined plane into the vessel, through a hole made in the end for the purpose.
But we are most familiar with the exhibitions of gravity in bodies descending inclined planes, as in the avalanche and the cataract.
The rays of the sun being reflected from the horizon in all directions, the projecture of the prism will prevent a part of the reflected rays from proceeding to the plane behind the prism, and consequently the dane would be something darker than the face of the prism which is parallel to it; but the side of the prism adjoining to the plane will throw a reflection upon the plane, and therefore it would be difficult to perceive the difference between the face of the prism, and the plane parallel behind the prism.
If a plane has only one trace, and this trjice parallel to the ground-line, let it be in the vertical plane; then the plane will be parallel to the horizontal plane.
Provide a large table; this is a horizontal plane, and will represent the ground plane, viz.
So if the trace of the plane be in the horizontal plane, and parallel to the ground - line, the plane will be parallel to the vertical plane.
If a plane be parallel to one of the planes of projection, this plane will have only one trace, which will be parallel to the ground-line, and soluated in the other plane of projection.
Thus, if it be a horizontal trace which is perpendicular tothe groundline, the plane will be perpendicular to the vertical plane of projection; and if, on the contrary, the vertical trace be that which is perpendicular to the ground-line, then the plane will be perpendicular to the horizontal plane.
In their simple form, they are the lever, the wheel and axle, the inclined plane
Their busy, earnest twitterings led me at once to suspect that they were looking out a building-spot; but as a carpenter's bench was under the window, and frequent hammering, sawing, and planing were going on, I had little hope they would choose a location under our roof.
For a writing desk, which is an inclined plane, does not make a right angle with the table on which it stands, as the book when placed upright does; but it makes a smaller angle, and this angle is more or less acute (that is, small) according to the greater or less inclination of the desk.
The section of a cylinder cut by any plane inclined to its axis, is an ellipsis.
Although I have made use of the Roman ovolo and ogee iu all the orders, I do not generally use them in practice; the bending, or turning inward, of the upper edge of the Grecian, ot quirk ovolo, when the sun shines on its surface, causes a beautiful variety of light and shade, which greatly relieves it from plane surfaces; and if it is entirely in shadow, but receive a reflected
In some the list or edge, throughout all the circumvolutions, is in the same line or plane: - such are the antique Ionic volutes, and those of Vignola.
Substitute for the vacant frame, one with a plate of glass in it, as a perspective plane; you can trace with a pencil on this glass, or measure with compasses, the appearance of the figures beyond.
We observed (161) that if df, representing the weight of W, be resolved into the two forces f e perpendicular to the beam and d e in the direction of it, d e will represent the force exerted by W in the direction of the beam, d e therefore will represent the force with which a spherical weight W will move down the plane.
They are, as it were, the steps by which it rises to the plane of conviction, emotion, action.
, and the points t and w, in the plan 9 / g 10, and the lines J, k, I, m, parallel to these planes; the lines j ', Ar, I, m, n, will make parallel shadows; therefore, draw q, c, rdjt u, parallel to j k, k /, or m n, to cut c 6 in e, k 7 in d, and G g at w; join d q; then to find the depth of the shadow of Z m on the elevation, draw 5 on the ichnography parallel to J W; draw 4* &^; perpendicular to W P, likewise 4* b, parallel to the ray on the elevation, and S s, parallel to the axis of the prism; then s ii the depth of the shadow; but as the projections of the extremities of I m, fall upon the adjacent planes at r, and tf draw e f through s, cutting 8 e at
A segment of a cylinder is comprehended under three planes, and the curve surface of the cylinder; two of these are segments of circles: the other plane is a parallelogram, which is here, for distinction's sake, called the plane of the segment, and the circular segments are called the ends of the cylinder.
Amongst the rebate planes may be mentioned IJiP * ne Moving fillister and the sash fillister, the uses of which will be better understood by inspection than from any description.
Hence the horizontal projectant is parallel to the vertical plane, and is equal to the distance between the original point and the horizontal plane; and the vertical projectant is parallel to the horizontal plane, and is equal to the distance between the original point and the vertical plane.
In this case the power: weight as g f: d f, or, which is the same thing, as A B: C B, or as the height of the plane: the base.
3d, If the sun is on a line with the perspective plane; that is, so placed, that were the perspective plane extended till it reached the sun, it would go neither before nor behind, but just through it, then the sun is in the same plane as the picture, and the shadows fall in a line parallel with the ground line.
Again, when we see the broad tail of the fish placed vertically, and that of the whale horizontally, we know that, as it s the chief instrument of progression in both, and exerts its power from side to side of its plane, therefore the first can have but comparatively slender capacity of diving, and is limited to a narrow range of ascent and descent; while the latter has this capacity in excess.
Reciprocally, if a plane be parallel to the ground-line, its two traces will be parallel to the ground-line.
For if you suppose the perspective plane set upright on the ground before you, higher than your eye; then the horizontal plane, to reach from your eye to the verge of the sky, must pass through the perspective plane, and thus make a line exactly parallel with the top and bottom line of your perspective plane.
The human race does not revolve in a circle, but ascends in a spiral; passing, indeed, again and again through the same errors to the same truths, but passing through them each time on a higher plane.
/z/ Given the ichnography and elevation of a base and capital, and the seat of the sun's rays on the ichnographj, and on the elevation; to project the shadows caused by the several parts of itself, and the line of shade upon the baseImagine the object to be sliced, or cut, by as many planes, parallel to the axes of the columns, * and to the sun's rays, as may be tliought convenient for the purpose: then it is plain, if a ray of light enter any of those planes, that every part of the ray will be in that plane, and that the projecting parts upon the edges of * It 18 not abiolutelj necessary to suppose the plane parallel to the axis of the
Each stratum, he argues, must have a force of rotation proportioned to its own level, and can impart force only by descent to a lower plane
means follows that the work of the medical profession lies on this loftiest plane, and, consequently, the argument in question has nothing to do with the matter at issue.
The opaque object A (figure 1, Plate 18) is oblique both to the horizon and the ground plane.
Moreover we see, and it is very important, that the lines A a, B b, perpendicular to the ground line U V, will not cease to be so in the motion of the plane U V Y Z; and as the corresponding lines a a, &; b, are also perpendiculars, to the ground line U V, it follows that the lines, a a ', b 6 ', will be the respective prolongation of the lines a a, &; b.
The four sides reaching from the seat to the floor, where the cross pieces are placed, are four upright planes, at right angles with each other: for if the chair were boxed up from the floor to the seat, this box would form the four planes or sides.
Plane figures having more than four sides are in general called polygons, and receive other particular names, according to the number of their sides or angles.
The interior of the pyramid is excessively hot, particularly when surrounded by a number of Arabs and flaring torches * Leaving the Kings Chamber, I descended the inclined plane, and prepared to descend the well referred to by Pliny.
Reciprocally, if on each plane of projection the traces of the two planes are parallel, the planes will also be parallel.
So if the trace of the plane be in the horizontal plane, and parallel to the ground - line, the plane will be parallel to the vertical plane.
minerals, the magnet points ever to the North; so is there a plant in the prairies, called by travellers the Polar Plant, or Indian Compass, because the plane of its leaf points due North and South, without other variation than the temporary ruffling of the breeze.
Oak, old English, young tree, 363 " old ship timber, " from old tree, " medium qualities, " green, Beech, medium quality, Alder, Plane tree.
The wall of a house which stands parallel or square before vou, is a plane parallel with the perspective plane, or the window through which you look; but the roof is not, it makes an angle more or less large, with the perspective plane, consequently any lines lying on it, (viz.
The open box C, Plate 14, affords an example of lines depressed below the ground plane.
Although the term orthography signifies, in general, the projection of any plane which is perpendicular to the projecting rays, without regarding the position of the plane on which the object is projected; yet writers on projection substitute it for elevation, as already defined; by which means it will be impossible to know when we mean that particular position of orthographical projection, which is made on a plane perpendicular to the horizon.1 /z/ If any point, line, or plane of any original figure, or object, touch the plane on which it is to be projected, the place where it touches the projecting plane, is the projection of that point, line, or plane of the original figure or object.
/z/ When two planes ABC D, A B F E, Fig.
You will observe that the two circles partly described on the plate, for the purpose of determining the opening of the box, are circles standing upright on the ground plane, and not laying on it, as are the circles in Plate 10.
So if the trace of the plane be in the horizontal plane, and parallel to the ground - line, the plane will be parallel to the vertical plane.
In the neighboring building, we saw it standing in rows, with the lower part of the cone in a hole, to drop the molasses again upon an inclined plane, which conveys it to a vat holding thirty thousand gallons.
Thus, if it be a horizontal trace which is perpendicular tothe groundline, the plane will be perpendicular to the vertical plane of projection; and if, on the contrary, the vertical trace be that which is perpendicular to the ground-line, then the plane will be perpendicular to the horizontal plane.
If a right line, situated in a given plane by its traces, is parallel to tte horizontal plane, its horizontal projection will be parallel to the horizontal trace of the given plane, and its vertical projection will be parallel to the ground-line.
It represents a ray of light coming straight from the perspective plane through the eye, and marks the point of sight as S, and also the distance of the spectator as D, and it is plain that the /z/ farther off the spectator is placed from the perspective plane, the longer would be this ray.
A cycloid or epicycloid, is a figure generated by a circle rolling alotog tbe.atraigbt edgof a ruler, or another circle at rest, while a point in the circumference describes a figure on the plane called a cycloid or epicycloid.
Thus the Ijne will be perpendicular to the horizontal plane, if its projection be the given point in the horizontal plane.
- You ascertain by this process precisely how much the house diminishes, in consequence of its distance N I from the perspective plane.
If, therefore, we call the weight of the prism ABC, W, the breadth AC, b, the height AB, h, and the specific gravity of the earth, s, we shall have W = If we call the /z/ thrust of W in the direction of the slope W, then (neglect * ing friction,) on the principle of the inclined plane, W will be to W as the length of the incline is to its height; or calling the length B C, /, then AW bh * s * lih:: W: W ' = =.
There are other kinds of planes besides the above; as the plough, for sinking a groove to receive a projecting tongue; the bead plane, for sticking beads; the snipe bill, for forming quirks; the compass plane and the forkstaff plane,
The rays of the sun being reflected from the horizon in all directions, the projecture of the prism will prevent a part of the reflected rays from proceeding to the plane behind the prism, and consequently the dane would be something darker than the face of the prism which is parallel to it; but the side of the prism adjoining to the plane will throw a reflection upon the plane, and therefore it would be difficult to perceive the difference between the face of the prism, and the plane parallel behind the prism.
As the approach of different planes in existence is indicated in forms
The plumber uses but few tools, and those are of a simple character; the greater number of them being similar to those used by other artificers, as hammers, mallets, planes, chisels, gouges, JUes, &c.; The principal tool peculiar to the /z/ trade of the plumber is the bat, which is made of beech
/z/ All objects situate on the earth are, in perspective, said to be on the same plane, called the ground plane.
This point, where the rays pass through the perspective plane, is called the seat of their representation.
By the adoption of stationary powers, on inclined planes, in surmounting some of the steeper declivities, it is supposed the distance might be reduced to something less than a hundred and ninety miles, without any considerable increase of the elevation to be passed.
Then the plane D, would represent the horizon plane.
Moulding planes are used for sticking mouldings, as the operation of forming mouldings with the plane is called.
falling on an inclined plane, placed like a roof beneath, and running into casks below.
If the sun's rays be parallel to any plane, that plane to which they are parallel, is called a plane of shade.
from its edge upon the plane; and if the shadow upon the plane be of no considerable breadth, and if the plane be extended at any considerable distance beyond the shadow, then the lightest part of the plane on which the rays will reflect a great part of the rays towards the prism: but as these reflected rays will not fall upon the shadow, it will be deprived of reflection: but as the side of the prism which projects the shadow, is opposed to the reflected rays, that side of the prism will receive a strong reflection, which will cause it to appear much lighter than the shadow it throws on the plane; but if the shadow be projected farther on the plane, it will diminish the reflecting surface behind the prism, and will also cause the reflecting surface to be at a greater distance from the side of the prism, and consequently will receive less reflection from the plane; and in general the reflection on the prism will be continually diminished, according as the shadow
/z/ In general, the division is by nearly parallel planes; but sometimes the masses are tortuous or wedgeshaped.
In order to ascertain the apparent height, raise a perpendicular from the point I, this is the point at which the line O N, when produced, intersects the ground line; for could the house be moved up to the perspective plane, it would touch it at I F. Measure on this perpendicular, by means of your scale, the actual height of the house (of which it is presumed you have on your plan an exact description) set this off, from I to u, from u rule u S, which intersects the perpendicular d e, at e, this gives the apparent height.
The Plane or Buttonwood tree, so common in our streets and environs, has hitherto
6, where the parallelogram U V VV X, represents the horizontal plane, and the parallelogram U V Y Z, represents the vertical plane, the projection a 6 of the line A A in space upon the horizontal plane U V W X, is called the horizontal projection, and the projection A B, of the same line upon the vertical plane U V Y Z, is called the vertical projection.
I am sure travelling over the world must be pleasanter than spending a life in one place; and pulling a rope is easier work than pushing a plane. "
/q/ Where this intersects at d is the apparent size of this side, because it is parallel with the ground plane.
/z/ A, r. - /z/ Dograpby, cutting the thickness of the ring at A and B; let A C D be the angle which the sun's rays nnake with the plane of the ichnography, or seat A C. Bisect A B in c; with the radius c A or c B, describe a circle; and through the centre c, draw c d parallel to G D, cutting the circle at d; also through c, draw the line a i, at right angle to c d cutting the circles at a and b; through the points d and 6, draw lines parallel to the sides A and B of the ring; then the dark line nearest to A, will represent the line of light; and that which is nearest to B, will represent that line which separates
It follows, that if the point in space be upon the horizontal plane, its distance with regard to this last named plane will be zero or nothing, and the vertical A a will be zero also.
If a plane be parallel to the horizontal plane, this plane will not have a horizontal trace, and its vertical trace will be parallel to the ground-line.
There is but a trifling difference in general effect between /z/ our plane or buttonwood and the Oriental plane.
Note A D N t a section of the plane, passing through its axis at right angles with the sections of the ellipsis, parabola, or hyperbola.
also of many kinds; those called bench planes - %s the jack plane, the trying plane, the long plane, the jointer, and the smoothing plane, are used for bringing the stuff to a plane surface.
The floor on which the four feet rest, is one plane, the seat is another, parallel with the former.
The two planes, upon which we project any line whatever, are called the planes of projection.
The intersection of these lines on the perspective plane, make the figure i j k I, which is the perspective representation of a d b c m the plan: because, these points of intersection on the perspective plane are the same which would be made by the rays of light coming from the points in the original to the eye, provided the dimensions and position correspond to those in the plate, as has been shown in Lesson 7.
A section through the upper torus of the base, which is of an eUiptical form, the transverse axis being inclined to the plane of the horizon.
The author believes that it is our privilege and duty, as Christians, to rise into a higher plane of life than is generally hoped for in the present day.
Thus, for example, if a line be parallel to a horizontal plane, its vertical projection will be parallel to the ground-line; and if it is parallel to the vertical plane, its horizontal projection will be parallel to the ground-line.
/z/ The ichnography and elevation of the prism standing upon a polygonal base, having the projecture or cap of the same figure upon it, projecting equally over its sides; given the seat of the sun's rays on the plane of the ichnography, and also on the elevation; to project the shadow of the cap on the prism, and also on a plain parallel to the axis of the prism.
The deep leaves of the olive lay here and there like glittering specks of water before his eye, as they gave a plane surface to her rising glance; and the vine spreading with dark purple clusters, in a wanton maze that clasped even the tops of the gigantic oak-tree, and bound them in many places to the wall itself, upon which he leaned, and over it wandered with unrestrained luxuriance, made a roof to the verdant neighborhood, which rendered it a spot as secret and secure as it seemed sacred to the generous nature to which it owed so much.
If, through the axis of the shaft, be supposed to pass twenty vertical planes, making equal angles with each other, which will cut the surface of the column in twenty places; and if the surface of the column be curved or hollowed between each two lines, from the bottom to the top of the shaft, terminating immediately under the lowest annulet; then the shaft will have twenty curved sides, and as many angles; and if nearly at the upper end of the shaft be cut one or more grooves of an equal depth, from the surface of the hollowing, each groove being parallel to the annulets under the echinus, then a column so is called Doric.
The obvious disqualification of the distribution in question is, that it makes the line of demarcation between subject and object, or between the me and the not-me, to fall within the plane of nature, or between fin'ite and finite, instead of without that plane, or between infinite and finite.
We were induced to rise in arms against Austria, (we mean, not the people, but the government of Austria,) not only by the need of redeeming ourselves from the shame and grief of thirty-one years of the most abject despotism, but by a deliberate resolve to take our place upon the plane of nations, to unite with our brothers of the Peninsula, and take rank with them under the great banner raised by Pius IX.
I KNOW of no one who has acquired and begot this temperance of which Hamlet speaks, in the same degree with Mrs. Kemble; I know of nothing that more exactly describes the style and school of elocution in which she excels, than this advice to the players.
Heard'st thou e'er poetic passion, Music-wrought to thrill the heart, Tamed by some insipid fashion, Or by players with false art?
The tresses of the lute player, though black as the bright Persian's ringlets, were as different from them in their nature and disposition as any things can be -- even the most dissimilar -- for they were parted evenly upon her forehead, and flowed down quite uncurled in long and wavy masses, actually resting in loose coils upon the velvet floor-cloth, as she sat near the English girl on a low ottoman, with her back to a great Venetian mirror, which reflected the contour of all her sloping shoulders down nearly to the waist.
Enough that, about ten o'clock at night, we find the rival players placed at the table;
Such applauses to one's beard were not in ordinary use in that time and country; and however grateful to such a man as Horsey, were scarcely pleasing to him, unless it were that his companion regarded him also as one of the players just " come hither. "
Some call't a dream, and some -- a gossip's story, And some -- the tricksome acting of a player; Forgotten soon as ended.
A party who misses his aim a second time becomes a tenner; ' /q/ he who loses a third time, /a fifteener; ' and when four points are lost the player stands out The game goes on until all the players are out but one; who, of course, wins the game.
It is the player, the skilful artist, that gives reality to the pictures of the dramatic poet.
After performing in a variety of places, and enduring all the inconveniences and annoyances to which the life of a strolling player is subject, he obtained a situation in Mr. De Camp's company, at Newcastle-upon-Tyne.
Lowe had also informed her of Roland's beguilement of the player's daughter.
Ma, you know, has an aversion to the grave silence imposed on the players.
The contrast of M. Colonne's with both the preceding is very striking: eyes, heads, chins, are incessantly turning towards the leader; there is an active communication between him and his players, as rapid and spasmodic as the working of an electric telegraph.
One volunteers to be the player, who is called Tag: it is the object of the other players to run from and avoid him.
Something similar to it may be found in our own country, where the second rate singers, dancers, and players of Europe, accumulate fortunes in a few years, while subsistence.
he said in an even tone that was singularly marked amid the buzz of those around him; for each player had now got to feel the affair to be his own, and to take an absorbing interest in every step that should now be taken.
Who was " he " of whom Jones had spoken so emphatically, yet left unnamed; and why should a woman, however great might be her merits as a player, maintain an influence over the company, of such seemingly tyrannical extent -- a tyranny which, from their spontaneous recognition of its sway, would seem to have been of habitual and undisputed exercise?
While on his way to his lodgings, he encountered a brother player, who invited him to take a social glass at a neighboring tavern.
a set of players; congregate in the courts, like the former in the green room; and break their unpremeditated jests, in the intervals of business, with that sort of undress freedom that contrasts amusingly with the solemn and even tragic seriousness with which they appear, in turn, upon the boards.
A line 4s drawn about five yards from the holes, at which one of the players places himself, and bowls the ball into one of the holes.
But you are a good player,  said the General. "
He was, likewise, not a little gratified by the evident interest most of the players took in his progress.
players, and an attorney in the Sheriff's Court, London, -- obtained great notoriety by his ballads.
When thus released, neither he nor the player who has
The object of each player is to come v or intercept and touch any player of the c side, who has left the bounds before him not at liberty to touch any that have starts /z/ him, it being their privilege, on the contrary, if they can, to touch him before he can get back within his bounds again.
I can say I certainly never will be a player.
If the first player can only get to c, or J, the second runs to 6, only, or c, as the case may be, and a third player begins; as they get home, that is, to
A player is allowed to touch one of the opposite party only each time he quits bounds, and after having touched an adversary, he can not be touched on his return to bounds.
They are like great players who play divinely on instruments of music-we know the tune, it is the same old tui * e of joy and sorrow, passion, love, hope, all motives, the notes of which are engraven on our consciousness, but oh, how exquisitely touched!
, be caught by any of the players of the opposite side, who are scattered about the field, he is out, and another takes his place.
The boy who arrives at the goal last is then to go in search of th players, after they have agaiji hid themselves.
No, Judge, not exactly, " replied Bradshaw, smiling; " but I would have honours easy, a fair deal, honest players, and then go a-head for the odd trick, which should not be won by trickery. "
Every player who is afterwards touched by either of the outside ones, does the like, until the whole be thus touched and taken.
The striker endeavors to prevent this by hitting the ball with his bat; but if he strike it so that it is caught by any of the other players, he is out.
The player who has won stands at the spot where the ball first touches the ground, or, if it be not immediately behind the party who has thrown it, a line is drawn from the place where the ball falls, to a spot directly behind the thrower.
At a certain date he makes the following record: ' This day, while engaged /z/ in player, I thought of a way to fasten my study door, and afterward found a better. '
Then the principal street of the village is filled with booths of every description; strolling players, and rope-dancers, and jugglers, and giants, and dwarfs, and wild beasts, and all kinds of wonderful shows excite the gaping curiosity of the throng, and in dust, crowds, and confusion the village rivals the capital itself.
boards and immovable scenery, went more to study the poet than the players.
The other player then strikes it, in the same manner, either before it has touched the ground, or hopped from the ground more than once: the first /z/ player then prepares to receive and strike it at its rebound; and thus the game goes on, until one of the players fails to strike the ball in his turn, before
At Vienna there is a machine which copies writing, and also an automaton chess player, which plays the second pari.
Yet even in the reign of Edward VI, there was an omen of a coming controversy when the excellent Ilooper refused to be consecrated bishop in the " Aaronical habits, " as they were styled, and was consequently imprisoned till he consented to a compromise, and accordingly made his appearance in his prelatical character " like a new player on the stage, " his upper garment a long scarlet chimere down to the feet, and under that a white linen rochet " that covered all his shoulders, and a four-square cap upon his head. "
A popular Judge, " says the great Bacon, " is a deformed thing; and plaudites ' are fitter for players than for magistrates.
Every player who is touched, goes to the prison belonging to the opposite party, where he must remain until one of his own Iside be able to reach him, without being touched in his run from bounds to the prison, by any of the opposite party.
I should not trust the counsel of a smart debater, any more than that of a good chess- player.
In quiet seasons, when the state seems an invisible trifle to be talked about only, and men's consciences can sleep under their duties, they are very willing to listen to a fine orator as they would to the players; they are entertame (l by his frolicks, and give in to all his illusions as they would to the fairy work of a dream.
There ' t was murdered, Unconscionably murdered by the players.
Some of our amateur fencers, single-stick players, and boxers, we have no reason to be ashamed of.
You would encourage me, " he said quietly, and in tones which, to the unnoteful ear, would have seemed natural enough, but which, knowing him as I did, were slightly sarcastic, and containing a deeper signification than they gave out: " but you are the better player.
Spiffard looked serious, paused a moment, then replied, " As I feel the necessity of speaking of myself, permit me to say, that, at my first entrance into life as a man, I found the common opinion in respect to players was, that they were more artificial in their intercourse with the world than other men; and having from my earliest infancy a
Society has raised a bar between the preacher and the player; perhaps it would have been better had it never existed; but as it is, I would not advise your son or any other clergyman to step over it.	56:62	0:201	 Society has raised a bar between the preacher and the player ; perhaps it would have been better had it never existed ; but as it is , I would not advise your son or any other clergyman to step over it .
Among his other accomplishments, he possessed the most wonderful agility -- had belonged, at one time, to a company of strolling players, and his skill on tight and slack rope -- if we are to credit old stories -- would put to the blush the modern performances of the Ravels and Herr Cline.
But as he walked from the player's modest dwelling, he experienced something of the calmness of despair.
lie leads with every nerve and muscle, and he seems to throw himself into every one of his players.
But these tricks will at length fail to pay; and then the players of the game, having nothing to do, must be added to the ranks of the discontented.
If it be caught, before it has twice touched the ground, by the player so called on, he loses no point, but throws it up again, and calls upon whom he pleases to catch it.
We can not, therefore, doubt Mr. Maelzel's ability, and we must necessarily suppose that he intentionally suffered his Chess Player to remain the same artificial and unnatural figure which Baron Kempelen (no doubt also through design) originally made it.
It must be observed, that if the players be of unequal weight, he who is the heavier, must, to preserve the due equilibrium, make his end of the plank shorter /z/ Several young persons sit on the ground in a circle, and one stands in the centre.
The player lays hold of this dub with both hands, raises it over his head, and as it descends strikes the ball.
Richard led off handsomely, and Madam was no mean player; but
Notwithstanding the unqualified, though serious and thoughtful admiration which Arthur saw in all the countenances about him, and felt so provoked with; and notwithstanding his great dislike of the man, and a lurking suspicion that he was at best only a player, he could not help acknowledging that he himself had been quite carried away by his great conversational power, his quiet, unobtrusive boldness, and the startling originality of his language and manner. "
The players through me, desire to make you their most respectful bow, thanking you for your good company.
One player holds in his hand a number of these
When he succeeds in so doing, that player, who is left without a corn-er becomes puss.
A weekly stipend, which one of our hack players would refuse to rant for, was allotted him, and the manager finally 4 // had the impudence to give him this grudgingly.
No other player whom I have heard has attempted these, except now and then; and should any one have made the trial in the various ways in which Kean gives them, no doubt he would have failed.
But the people wanted them Inn-yards, houses without roofs, or extemporaneous enclosures at country fairs, were the ready theatres of strolling players.
The other player then strikes it, in the same manner, either before it has touched the ground, or hopped from the ground more than once: the first /z/ player then prepares to receive and strike it at its rebound; and thus the game goes on, until one of the players fails to strike the ball in his turn, before
An excellent player himself, he did not, like Mrs. Battle, insist on " the rigor of the game, " but made the changing fortunes of the war wholly subservient to the interests of conversation.
If Marchand is such a player, I must be cool and cautious.
This game may be played by five or nine on each side, and there is no objection to more or fewer players.
The noise of the iron-wheeled cars rolling down the steep track, with the roar of thunder, over the heads of the players, must have been a novel accompaniment to the sound of their own balls.
She is now, as we judge, a singer and player of the first order, and has many pupils in town
I hurried to the aperture in the floor, and though I could not see him enter, I saw him a moment after, approaching the tables where the players sat.
not exceeding a yard; a second player throws another marble against the wall, endeavoring to make it rebound, so as to strike or come within a span of the first; if he can do neither, the first player takes up his own marble, and, in turn, strives to snop or span that of the second.
President Randolph is a great player,  said Lord Slysir: " he is bold, and boldness is greatness both in war and diplomacy.
The players upon these occasions were formed into two parties, distinguished by their dress, each displaying as much magnificence as their costume would allow; this consisted m a light waistcoat and cap, the cloak was thrown aside in order to give as much freedom as possible to the action of the performer.
In order that the player in the centre may know where the slipper is, it is occasionally tapped on the ground, and then suddenly handed to the right or left.
places this game is called * Hat-ball, ' on account of the players using their hats, instead of digging * holes, and the ball is tossed into the hats, instead of being bowled into the holes.
Although a moderate player, and what is termed an amateur, for want of better or more suitable phrase, Ernest was unusually skillful at cards, being quick at observation, and accustomed to all the games and tricks of the day.
In this case, a player may win his own marbles, as they are common stock when down, and take up which he pleases, to play with.
// rius1 the players were, in consequence, banished from Italy.
Life's but a walking shadow; a poor player, That struts and frets his hour upon the stage, And then is heard no more. "
If the poet write a true drama, then he is Caesar, and not the player of Caesar; then the selfsame strain of thought, emotion as pure, wit as subtle, motions as swift, mounting, extravagant, and a heart as great, self-sufficing, dauntless, which on the waves of its love and hope can uplift all that is reckoned solid and precious in the world, - - palaces, gardens, money, navies, kingdoms, - - marking its own incomparable worth by the slight it casts on these gauds of men; these all are his, and by the power of these he rouses the nations.
read, (and all read in this our happy land;) this book will be sought after by the fair sex, inasmuch as it treats of the gay and the grave -- the good and bad -- of ladies, and of those who, next to soldiers, are the delight of ladies; we mean players; those lively, happy, delightful children of the mimic world, who present to the minds of youth a picture of enchanting power, ever varying and ever bright.
When a player is touched, the line separates, and the.
, at the age of fifty, the captain Pizarro found himself in possession only of a tract of unhealthy land in the neighborhood of the capital, and of such repartimientos of the natives as were deemed suited to his military services.6 The New World was a lottery, where the great prizes were so few that the odds were much against the player; yet in the game he was content to stake health, fortune, and, too often, his fair fame.
The cards flew from her fingers, and the seventh time in succession the bankress was a loser, the player a winner!
said Fink, seizing the pistols which lay conveniently beside the players. "
One volunteers to be the player, who is called Tag: it is the object of the other players to run from and avoid him.
But we return to the farm, where, the morning following the arrival of the players, was presented a most picturesque tableau.
Here, through the larger streets, vast herds of cattle were driven in by mounted herdsmen, lowing and trampling toward the forum; here a concourse of men, clad in the graceful toga, the clients of some noble house, were hastening along to salute their patron at his morning levee; there again, danced and sang, with saffron colored veils and flowery garlands, a band of virgins passing in sacred pomp toward some favourite shrine; there in sad order swept along, with mourners and musicians, with women wildly shrieking and tearing their long hair, and players and buffoons, and liberated slaves wearing the cap of freedom, a funeral procession, bearing the body of some young victim, as indicated by the morning hour, to the funereal pile beyond the city walls; and far off, filing in, with the
It, in fact, differed but little from an instrument which the Italians called Ninfale which the player attached to his body, while he played upon it
The Ball no question makes of Ayes and Noes, But Here or There as strikes the Player goes; And He that tossed you down into the Field, He knows about it all - HE kuows - HE knows! "
But strolling players, writers of novels, and other works of fancy, and chevaliers d'industrie of all kinds, who make a temporary inroad upon this country in the way of business, are always greeted with the enthusiasm of confidence.
Neither will we disagree in our estimation of another very common and unamiable species of animal, to wit -- the noisy, coarse young man who is continually hanging about taverns drinking juleps, smoking cigars, canvassing the merits of plays and players, or wrangling and disputing about southern nullification -- a mixture of ruffianism and puppyism; the sort of person who is continually enjoying himself by getting into what he calls " famous sprees " or " duced good larks, " which means committing gratuitous impertinences and getting well kicked, beaten, and put into the watchhouse therefor; liquor only calls forth and fully developes the natural rankness of the thoughts and feelings of such a creature; and the sooner it kills him the pleasanter for society.
not exceeding a yard; a second player throws another marble against the wall, endeavoring to make it rebound, so as to strike or come within a span of the first; if he can do neither, the first player takes up his own marble, and, in turn, strives to snop or span that of the second.
She would playfully speak of the ancient Greek tragedies, which were to be enacted anew on the sta * of Athens by Grecian players; and medals were designed, if not executed, on the taking of Constantinople.
of the sword, - - points and fences disappear, and the youth finds himself in a more transparent atmosphere, wherein life is a less troublesome game, and not a misunderstanding rises between the players.
If the player who is duck, can touch /q/ him after he has taken up his pebble, and before he reaches the offing, provided his own pebble remain on the large stone, then the player so touched, becomes duck.
Sometimes holes are dug in the ground, into which the players try to drive their marbles.
The golfers all wear 3 short loose jacket, ' and provide themselves with slender clubs to strike the balls, made of very hard flexible wood, three or four feet long, according to the stature of the player.
No matter how weak the prop, upon which we have leaned -- withdraw it suddenly, and we are apt to fall; -- no matter how frail may have been the tenure, by which we were upheld, though it were the untwisted flax in the blaze -- or the tangled gossamer -- if abruptly parted, we are in peril.
weakened my understanding -- grief had nothing to do with changing my opinions -- it only drove me into an examination; by taking from me the props and supports of the outward world, it threw me upon myself, and taught me the tremendous truth, that there existed there nothing but darkness and chaos -- not a place to rest on -- not one subject which I could bear to reflect on in the long and terrible hours of the wakeful nights.
// To answer the question here stated and to solve the problem thus prop * sed, is in great part the object of the remainder of the volume.
Perhaps an only son is taken from old, decrepit parents, the only earthly prop of their declining years; and with cold poverty and sorrow their gray hairs are brought down to the dust.
still triumphant enemy Puts foot upon the topmost ring of the ladder, Then cut away the lofty props that raise him, And let him down to scorn and infamy.
2, props 9 feet apart, the deflection was 40.5.
My feelings were almost too keen for endurance; the sudden overthrow of my hopes, left me without one prop; so deep and bitter was my grief, that I was denied the poor solace of tears.
In untwining them, some of the tendrils were broken; but we thought they would soon embrace other props.
, in general, than six inches from theground; but so well has the pruning been managed, that all the shoots are nearly vertical -- stakes or props are thus quite unnecessary, and are never used.
I ask your consent to the proposition, that it b more important to you, that the /z/ mechanic, maker of hats, shoes, clocks, clothes, books, pictures, and so on through the whole catalogue, living in the same neighborhood or under the same jurisdiction with yourself, is skilful and fully employed, and prosperous, than that one in Europe or India is so; and also to the prop osition that it is for your interest, and is your duty as a fellow citizen, to promote the business of American merchants, and navigators, in; preference to that of their foreign competitors.
Cheerful, pious, dutiful, and industrious; she was the prop of the paternal tree, that had not afforded her a due portion of its protecting influence, when its stem was vigorous, and its branches flourishing.
On each side The fields swell upwards to the hills; beyond, Above the hills, in the blue distance, rise The mighty columns with which earth props heaven.
The timidity of woman on the other hand, her fearfulness needs a prop on which to rest.
There is no difficulty in conceiving the prop A to be the fulcrum, W the weight, and E the power (1 80).
stead of serving to suspend the tie-beam from the principals, is a prop to the latter.
-- The sagacious and enlightened M. C. scorns such Props and protections, as laws and enactments for the efforts of his own noble intellect.
Amidst universal desertion, RUTH has not forsaken her; but is become her joy in sorrow, her companion in solitude, her prop in decrepit age!
Rienzi, when he thought His power the highest in the Roman state, Was crushed by sudden outbreak of the men He thought the prop of his authority.
In vain would that man claim the tribute of patriotism, who should labor to subvert these great pillars of human happinessthese firmest props of the duties of men and citizens.
F or the wealth and the soldiers, necessary to hold up a government pursuing such a policy, do not give to it intrinsic strength, any more than the shores and props do to an old and stooping building.
I have not mentioned them; but they are main props.	47:52	0:53	 I have not mentioned them ; but they are main props .
(J, and supported by stone props behind, as seen in the profile, fig.
Nearly two months have elapsed since the hand of the Lord removed from me my earthly prop and comfort; and I can say, in the language of Mrs. Grant on a similar occasion, ' Mine is a growing sorrow.
Dr. Wilkinson addressed him twice, but, producing no impression, he removed one of the props of his head, and turned his face towards himself. "
His limbs trembled in every joint and rivet, and his teeth, which were not metallic, shook like a set of props.
Youth came -- the props of virtue reeled; But oft, at day's decline, A marble touch my brow congealed -- Blessed mother, was it thine?
the ordinary laws of progress, or a prop.
and props of the undertaking -- but few tributes to pay.
T was evening; and the lamp, Set near, shone full upon her placid face, Its snowy white illuming, while they stood Gazing as on her loveliness in sleep, The enfeebled mother on the father's arm Heavily hanging, like the slender flower On its firm prop, when loaded down with rain Or morning dew.
props were erected in the midst of the community, at the foot of one of which was placed the king, to prevent it from slipping; for all the danger, under such a system, came from that of the base slipping; at the foot of the second, the nobles; and at the foot of the third, the people.
bosom glows; Hast thou no Father's house Beyond this pilgrim scene, That thou on Earth's delusive props With bleeding breast doth lean?
The lights were smothered; there was a surging to and fro; the props of the tent broke asunder; some ran one way, some another; others were trodden under foot.
the great prop of the empire when the elder country should have sunk into decline.
What most of all surprised me in this man was, that the decree had scarcely been made public, when he audaciously offered me his hand, threatening, should I reject it, to give me up to justice Alarmed by his threats, and disgusted by his importunity, I fled from the asylum whither he had beguiled me, and bent my course towards Lausanne, having no prop but my conscience, -- no
In vain would that man claim the tribute of patriotism who would labour to subvert these great pillars of human happiness, these firmest props of the destinies of men and citizens.
It had become a mighty power in the world, inseparably connected with the education and the religion of the age, the prime mover of all political affairs, the grand prop of absolute monarchies, the last hope of the papal hierarchy.
disorder on the gale, While the fast props of nature seem to fail.
they seen a mother, lately widowed, and four young sisters, around the bier where lay the remains of the murdered son and brother -- their only hope next to God -- he for whom they were all toiling early and late, that, when his education was completed, he in turn might work for them, had they heard that mother's cry for strength, now that her last earthly prop was thus rudely snatched away, they would have found food for pity there.
The appointing power is the main prop of Executive authority, as before observed, and if the President made no removals, would in a great measure lie dormant.
It is not a mere feather in the cap of the President, but a necessary substantial prop to his constitutional functions, and it is, we think, his duty to exercise that power whenever lie deems it necessary to the welfare or safety of the Republic.
Youth came -- the props of virtue reel'd: Yet still, at day's decline, A marble touch my brow congeal'd -- Blest mother, was it thine?
She has woven the tendrils of her soul around many props.
We almost wish, indeed, that those great boxes; // called pulpits, with their many props and appliances for indolence and dulness, were hewn down, dismantled, and destroyed.
Thus, in the absence of innocent diversion, or improving study, driving men to intoxication, women to scandal, or to silly, sentimental, reason-confounding novels, half filled with romance and half with superstition, and by dint of fatiguing the mind with irrational doctrines, and tedious exhortations, disgusting youth with all instruction, and turning it loose upon a corrupt world with no light for its reason, no rein for its passions, no prop for its integrity.
But as his bud became a flower, His selfish soul was gratified; He saw her wondrous beauty's power Would be the prop to raise his pride -- As vine the bending tree sustains,
taking away an earthly prop, he will lead you to lean upon his own all-sufficient never failing strength.
How impotent it must have confessed their aid to be, who had no better props and buttresses to construct than these.
From below, these natural props tapered upward until gradually blended with the trunk itself.
Gives me my son such as he was... the prop, The hope, the joy, and solace of my days, The object of my cares, increasing daily Yet bringing with each hour some new delight.
Resting on the two props of fidelity and zeal, an association might exist for ages in the heart
was not like Elizabeth; for though she heard the remark, she did not even change color, but went up to the boy, and put both arms about his neck with a smile, and gave him a hearty kiss.... and bid him be a good boy, and a prop for his widowed mother.
// There is another point of no little consequence in this connection: the greater security and value of prop erty in a well trained community.
and her features meek Subdued and silent sorrow speak, Yet still her arm in cheerful trust doth lean On faithful friendship's prop, -- that changeless evergreen.
Deprive him of these, and he may well say with Shylock: " You take my house, when you do take the prop That doth sustain my house; you take my life, When you do take the means wherehy I live. "
In like manner here, both sides must part with some of their demands, in order that they may join in some accommodating prop?
For the purpose of public instruction, we hold every man subject to taxation in proportion to his prop.
The Scriptures are useful though incorrect; but they are only useful as props in the infancy of spiritual being, which must soon be brushed away, or they will destroy that spirituality.
We thought it had been he who should have comforted and blessed us, -- in whose life we could have retraced the cycle of our own happiest experience, -- whose unfolding faculties would have been a renewal of our knowledge, and his manhood not merely the prop but the refreshing of our age.
No * 1, props 9 feet apart, the deflection was 27 parts.
times afloat on the Western waters, probably not less than fifteen thousand human hem bs, and an amount of prop * rty, in boats and cargoes, hard to be calculated.
But when all accustomed props are withdrawn and the scene is changed to a far-off land, to his own mind must the traveller look for his means of success, to his own capacities of self-government and social influence, for those aids and appliances essential to rational enjoyment.
A portion of Europe, and ten of our own States, have been constrained to unsay what bad always been said before, and have tbrown away at once half the efficacy and the strongest prop of the honored institution.
wants, indeed, Mrs. Haller may have relieved; but whether she has, or could have given as much as would purchase liberty for the son, the prop of his age -- Stra.
Notwithstanding the great luxuriance of the vines, and the strength and length of their shoots, still no supports nor props were used.
The props were 3 feet asunder, the same weights were used in each case, and the deflections were carefully measured by a scale of 55 parts to an inch.
Art thou then A stranger in this land, and knowest not That she who was our lov'd and prized one, /z/ The key-stone of our friendship's firm-knit arch, - - The clasp by which bands numberless were held, - - The spring by which all kindly streams were fed, - - The prop on which fond hearts too fondly leaned, Is gone, and hath not left her like behind!
But if a revelation from God may be made certain to him, to whom it is first delivered; and if he can /z/ communicate it to others with satisfactory evidence of his authority to do it; can there be any reason to doubt, that, being thus promulgated, it may be prop - - agated to others, and transmitted down to other generations, in such a manner, as to lay a reasonable foundation for faith in it as the truth of God?
But still it was " the Old Guard, " which had ever regarded itself the prop and pride of Bonaparte.
Perhaps the prop * tiomi of young men ruined in college, is not greater than in other situations in life.
It would have crushed the tories, by withdrawing the army whose presence had been their prop.
No empire Hails me its brightest hope, its future prop; No love holds to my lips its cup of nectar; And that which was held, is to pieces dash'd, Ere I had tasted its contents.
She twined Its riven tendrils round a surer prop, And reared its blighted blossoms toward that sky
He was thy pride -- the prop of thy renown -- The brightest jewel in thy dazzling crown; Thy battle-fields of liberty he trod, Holding thy soil in reverence next to God, And the proud triumphs of his matchless mind Are closely with thy heart-strings intertwined.
Scholars sneer at and would fain dispense with them altogether; and the public, grown lazy and helpless by this constant use of props and stays, can now scarce brace itself even to get through a magazine article, but reads in the daily paper laid beside the breakfast plate a short notice of the last number of the long established and popular review, and thereupon passes its judgment and is content.
him to our world, of the warmth and power to move and to engage, that prop.
Nec tetmen consumebatur - she would remain a Church notwithstanding - as strong as ever in the props of her own moral and inherent greatness; and, though shrivelled in all her dimensions by the moral injury inflicted on many thousands of families, she would be at least as strong as ever in the reverence of her country's population.
There was another authority, or agent of the public, that is equally perched on the social beam, though not quite so dependent as the three just named, upon the main prop of the people -- being also propped by a mechanical disposition of the tripod itself.
which was fifteen feet above the deck, and then blew over to leeward, filling up on that side likewise; whilst we, unable to face the storm without, could only prevent the housing from being broken in, by placing props of planks and spars to support the superincumbent weight.
They have made the discovery -- and it is one of moment-that beneath the uniform of standitig armies, warm, sympathizing human hearts are beating, arid that this apparertly firm prop of power may fail it in its need, and even help to hurl
It is no disparagement to modern improvements, to say that if our predecessors did not enjoy our advantages for acquiring learning, they did very clearly appreciate its prop.
from the ground without the aid of /z/ props or stakes.
Hence the duty to vindicate the just claims of all from injustice, by adequate means, even if these means should be painful to the offender, prop vided they do not inflict upon him any more evil than is necessary for the purpose of securing the rights of others, which he has violated.
I would first see that sufficient props were reared, and then proceed with vigor, though always with caution.	36:41	0:111	 I would first see that sufficient props were reared , and then proceed with vigor , though always with caution .
being on its side), and of which the lower cusps, being broken away, show the remnant of one of their props projecting from the wall.
Everything seemed simple, for all was dependent on the common prop, at the base of the great social beam.
Rose, Rose, if you desert me, you, the last prop of my age, my heart will break.
storm, Stands thy frail and silken form, Fearless of the tempest's power As a spirit, clothed, a flower, With no earthly prop or screen, Like the houseless Nazarene.
for his brothers, in proving this their prop would be an aggravation of their misery.
This inclination had been, however, corrected by a strong prop of timber placed beneath, so that the danger was in a great measure diminished.
If a lever be 1 feet long, and the prop 3 feet from the weight, what
Where the pillared props of heaven Glitter with eternal snows, Where no darkling clouds are driven, Where no fountain flows -- Far above the rolling thunder, When the surging storm Rent its sulphury folds asunder, We beheld thy form.
Bonaparte in his towering and unjust pride: allowed a single expression, strictly true, and springing from the very excellences of that character which made him the prop of his throne, to outweigh the years of service he had rendered and the glorious victories he had brought to his standard.
Let faith, prophetic faith, portray The glories of thy rising day, When grateful thousands shall proclaim Their kind deliverer's honored name; Sires hail him, who from direst rage Rescued the filial props of age; And mothers bless the arm that stayed From infant hearts the ruthless blade; While from before the mystic throne Erst to the seer of Patmos shown, Sublimest welcome shall accord Thy great exampler and thy lord, Who onward to his own abode Through sacrifice and suffering trode; Endured each earthly, heavenly loss; Renounced a kingdom for a cross; Cheerful, himself for others gave, And lived to bless, and died to save!
'd me its brightest hope, its future prop.
But ploughed up to the primary rock of the matter, the two great principles laid down in the twin whaling laws previously quoted, and applied and elucidated by Lord Ellenborough in the above cited case; these two laws touching Fast-Fish and Loose-Fish, I say, will, on reflection, be found the fundamentals of all human jurisprudence; for notwithstanding its complicated tracery of sculpture, the Temple of the Law, like the Temple of the Philistines, has but two props to stand on.
how faithful unto death, Shielding me at the peril of thyself, And, in the seeming dread necessity, Doing the deed that from its delicate props, Shook the fair fabric of thy innocent life!
The waggon consisted of an oblong shallow wooden tray on four wheels; on this were placed three boards resting on high unsteady props, and the machine was destitute of springs.
In short, before the time of preparation arrived, Miss Silence had fully worked herself up to the magnanimous determination of going to the quilting.
The ceilings were unplastered, and on either side sloped within a few feet of the floor, but the gable windows admitted a sufficiency of light, and there was neither carpet nor furniture in the way, except, indeed, the furnishing which Ellen had contrived for the occasion, consisting chiefly of divans, formed of boards and blocks, which were cushioned with quilts and the like.
His horse is cared for with more solicitude than the host ever bestows on his own; the table is covered with the best provisions the house affords, set forth in the holiday dishes; the bed is endued with the brightest patchwork quilt -- the pride of the housewife's heart; and if there be any fat fowls -- any white honey -- any good tea -- about the premises, the guest will be sure to have it, even though it may have been reserved for " Independence " or " Thanksgiving. "
why, the boys has been gone away this hour, and, you see, there ain't no winder up here, but I'll take down this here quilt, and then I guess you'll be able to see some. "
said Mrs. Partington, as she reached out into the storm to secure a refractory shutter, and the wind rushed in and extinguished her light, and slammed to the door, and fanned the fire in the grate, and rustled the calico flounce upon the quilt, and peeped into the closet, and under the bed, and contemptuously shook Mrs. Partington's nightjacket, as it hung airing on the chair by the fire, and flirted with her cap-border, as she looked out upon the night.
Nimbly ran fingers up and down and across the quilt, and tongues moved no less nimbly; and though now and then glances strayed away from the work to the fields, and suppressed titters broke into loud laughter, as, one after another, the young men were seen with axes over their shoulders wending towards the woods, the work went on bravely, and Polly Harris soon called out, clapping her hands in triumph, " Our side is ready to roll. "
Very busy and very happy was Ellen, now attending the  rolling " of the quilt, now examining the stitching of some young quilter, and now serving round cakes and cider, and giving kind words and smiles to every one. "
The proprietors began by furnishing each lodger with a small wrapper; but as the beggars frequently contrived to carry away the counterpane under their garments, an enormous quilt, the size of the entire room, was substituted for the portable coverlets.
Betsey had counted all the squares, and three-cornered pieces, and circles, in the patch-work quilt upon her bed; she knew there were six more red than green ones, and that one of the circles was pieced seven times.
I do admire the millintery, where the sogers in their fancy unicorns look jest like a patchwork quilt.
There is even a great gathering of the elements, and it moves me exceedingly for the coming of the absent Tribulation: stir up the fire, that he may abide here in warmth -- and Yonne, get unto the pronk room, and take from the great chest the quilt that hath the Stadtholder's hunt thereon, worked by the hands of the respectable maiden Minstrie Snedigher, that was of kin to my godfather, who came from the Doele-straat of Amsterdam, having followed the reputable calling of baard schraper	245:250	0:492	 There is even a great gathering of the elements , and it moves me exceedingly for the coming of the absent Tribulation : stir up the fire , that he may abide here in warmth -- and Yonne , get unto the pronk room , and take from the great chest the quilt that hath the Stadtholder 's hunt thereon , worked by the hands of the respectable maiden Minstrie Snedigher , that was of kin to my godfather , who came from the Doele-straat of Amsterdam , having followed the reputable calling of baard schraper
Before I was fourteen; far and near, wherever a salmon was to be caught, a shad, or a mackerel; or whenever a raising, or a quilting, a husking, or a sleighing was in the wind, I was known by the name of Neck or Nothing.
It was not for them to remain to the " play-party, " when the quilt was swung up to the ceiling, and the young men came in, with candy and cinnamon in their pockets.
After all, the neighbors began to think the quilting was not going to be any such great things more than other quiltings.
A black calico dress she must have, as she had worn the old one five years, and now wanted to cut it up and put it in a quilt, for she always intended it to jine some patchwork she'd had on hand a long time, and now she was going to do it, and make a quilting party
I guess if you won't lend me the gown, you will let me have some black slack to quilt a stuff petticoat, a quarter of a pound of tea and some sugar; and I will bring them back as soon as I can. "
The best thing I saw at the Culm, was the advertisement on the bed-room doors, saying, that, if the ladies would wear the quilts and blankets for shawls, when they went out to see the sunrise, they must pay for the washing.
In the centre of the room, two chairs were placed, some three feet apart, over which a quilt was carefully spread, so as seemingly to form a divan, and when a lady was seated on each chair, the gentlemen withdrew to the lower apartments, to be separately suffered to enter again when all should be in order.
-- The table cleared away, we began our work; taking the precaution to close the shutters, and where there were none to hang a quilt before the window.
Then mother's and my room, two pair -- four comforters -- two quilts -- the best chamber has got -- " " O!
Helphenstein, who was chopping wood at the door, called out, as we were leaving, " Don't forget to ask Jenny to come to the quilting; " and Mr. Wetherbe paused from his churning, beneath a cherry-tree, to say, " Good-bye, mother; be careful, and not lose any money, for it's a hard thing to slip into a pus, and it's easy to slip out. "
Fashions were chattered about, the coalscuttle bonnet of some offensive neighbor (who was not invited to the quilting) was criticised, and the suspicion started that she laced too tight; and an old man who happened to have the best farm in the county was overhauled for the size of his knee-buckles, and the exorbitant ruffles on his shirt, and the costly silk lace to his hat.
Certainly, she would like of all things to go to the quilting, and the more, perhaps, that Helph was come for her; but in no time of her life had poverty seemed so painful a thing.
There's a bedstead in it covered with a patched quilt, made of as many colors as " Joseph's coat, " and an old-fashioned bureau with great claw feet, and a chair whose cushion is stuffed with cotton batting; a wash-stand, a table, and a looking-glass over it.
He wears only a simple kilt of calico, and one chubby hand plays with the rounded foot, and the other lies on the patchwork quilt covering his cradle bed.
She heard owls, frogs, tree-toads; and she might almost have heard the tread of the saturnine wood-spider, at work in his loom with his warp-tail and shuttle-feet, working a weft which the dews were even then embroidering, to shine out when the sun rose in silver spangles and ruby buds; and her own soul, woven as silently in God's quilt, was taking on impressions from those dark woods, that invisible universe, to shine out when her morning dawns.
, had been arranged by Mrs. Purfle; and the sky-blue pillow fringed with gold, and the purple quilt which belonged to the character, made altogether a very magnificent affair, though Mr. Ashdod Cockles had not thought it prudent to suspend more than a single candle within the chintz curtains and the gauze blind.
always liappened with him when he had a headache, he thought he was going to die * As soon as we pitched our tent I made him lie down; and, not knowing how to deal with his real and fancied ailments, gave him some hot tea, and then piled upon him quilts, blankets, empty sacks, saddlecloths, and every other covering I could find, until he cried for quarter, I had no difficulty in cooking my own supper, and, I remember, tried the savage taste of my Bedouins with the China weed, which they liked exceedingly when so abundantly sweetened as utterly to destroy its flavour.
-- They give notice, and prepare their tea, " sweat meats " and mincepies; and, in one afternoon, frequently, get a fine quilt entirely completed; after which, the men are admitted; and then follow a little dancing and romping Then, there is what they call a Husking, which is confined to the New England states, (the legitimate Yankee population,) for, at the South, the blacks do the business After the corn, not what the English call corn -- but
I wanted to take the bed out of my front room and have the quilting there, " Mrs. Wetherbe said, " but this headstrong piece (pointing to Ellen) wouldn't hear of it. "
I guess he is no such great things of a doctor after all, " she said; and elevating her voice and addressing a maiden on the opposite side of the quilt, she continued, " Did you hear, Elizabeth, about his going to visit Mrs. Mercer, and supposing her attacked with cholera, when in a day or two the disease fell in her arms? "
The small fair hand that lay on the quilt was loaded with gems.
and myself, mounted upon a couple of stout mules, left the Pueblo behind us, and after three hours ' riding, over hills and dales so rich in flowers that it aeemed as if nature had contemplated the manuacture of a patch-work quilt upon a grand scale, e reached the spot which was to he our abiding place for nearly a month.
bed curtains, and two marseilles quilts; and now they will have to make him up the loss of his chickens.
So she put on two feather beds on top the straw bed, and a bran new calico quilt that she made the first summer after she was married and never put it on a bed before.
Indeed, partly lying on it as the arm did when I first awoke, I could hardly tell it from the quilt, they so blended their hues together; and it was only by the sense of weight and pressure that I could tell that Queequeg
In our last chapter we gave some account of Mrs. Weatherbe's quilting, and of the sorrow and disappointment of the good lady on the oecasion; and we now propose to return to Helph, and give you some particulars of the night as it passed with him.
There ' s the south room,  said Aunt Hitty, musing; " that bed has the two old Aunt Ward blankets on it, and the great blue quilt, and two comforters.
After all, the neighbors began to think the quilting was not going to be any such great things more than other quiltings.
A few little pictures hung around, and a narrow cot bed, covered with a patch-work quilt, stood against the wall.
And yet she is afraid to cross the narrow room, and lift the quilt which conceals the face of
But all in vain the lady urged the point; the old-fashioned aunt said she would have no such mess written, that Helph might get on his horse and ride through the neighborhood and ask the young people to come to the quilting and wood-chopping.
Nor was the better part of creation behind-hand in contributing their quota of hose, quilts, and baby-linen, to make up a complete assortment of goods for the Fair
If they were permitted to go to a quilting, they were instructed to come home in time to milk, and thus were deprived of all the real enjoyment of the occasion.
But she could not be spared for a week, and it was agreed that Helph should be sent to bring her on the day of the quilting; and so, between smiles and tears, we left her.
When every body is in his feathers, the quilt, which is suspended from the ceiling, is let - down by pulleys.
Sundry old quilts were fastened by forks to the rafters in such a way as to serve as a partial screen, and with this I was
The gossip concerning the quilt began to lose interest; what matter whether it were composed of stars or stripes, " rising suns " or " crescents, " Mrs. Wetherbe knew her own business of course, and those who had at first hoped they would not be invited because they were sure they would not go if they were, wavered visibly in their stout resolves.
The quilt was finished, but Mehitable and Elizabeth remained close within the chamber, whether to contemplate the completed work, or to regale themselves with each other's accumulations of scandal, I shall not attempt to guess.
streak of sunshine stretched further and further till it began to climb the opposite wall, when the quilt was rolled to so narrow a width that but few could work to advantage, and Ellen, selecting the most expeditious to complete the task, took with her the rest to assist in preparing the supper, which was done to the music of the vigorous strokes echoing and re-echoing from among the wooded hills.
The room in which I lay was divided into several small compartments, by temporary partitions, made of quilts suspended from the joists above.
Not only did we select calico for the border of the quilt, with cotton batting and spool thread, but we also procured sundry niceties for the supper, among which I remember a jug of Orleans molasses, half a pound of ground ginger, five pounds of cheese, and as many pounds of raisins.
Not only did we select calico for the border of the quilt, together with cotton batting and spool-thread, but we also procured sundry niceties in the edible way, among which I remember a jug of Orleans molasses, half a pound of ground ginger
Aside from this little episode, all went merry, and from the west window a golden streak of sunshine stretched further and further, till it began to climb the opposite wall, when the quilt was rolled to so narrow a width that but few could work on it to advantage, and Ellen, selecting the most expeditious to complete the task, took with her the rest to assist in preparing the supper, which was done to the music of vigorous strokes echoing and re-echoing from the adjacent woods.
ain't like as if the queen was going to make a quilting, I reckon. "
A black calico dress she wanted and must have, inasmuch as she had worn the old one five years, and now wanted to cut it up and put it in a quilt, for she had always intended it to jine some patchwork she had on hand a long time, and now she was going to do it, and make a quilting party and have the work all done at once.
At the quilting, apple, and shelling bees there are numbers of the fair sex, and games, dancing, and merrymaking are invariably kept up till the morning.
The bed (it must be remembered the Aikins were yet obliged to make one room serve for kitchen, bedroom, and parlour), the bed was made up as nicely as a shaking Quaker's, and covered by a patchwork quilt -- the work and pride of the little Aikins, and the admiration of the matrons.
The wonder was that she didn't make a party of " whole cloth, " and not stick her quilt in at all.
So back she went to her cabin and from the same " red chist " took a many-colored patchwork quilt.
But in vain this point was urged; the old-fashioned aunt said she would have no such mess written; that Helph might get on his horse and ride through the neighborhood and ask the young people to come to the quilting and wood-chopping, and that was enough.
Her enthusiasm terrifies, her energy offends, and if her taste is ever challenged, it is to the figures upon a quilt or in a flower-garden, where the passion seems to be to make flowers grow in stars, and hearts, and crescents.
With incoherent sentences like these, uttered slowly and with painful distinctness, although in a very low voice, the wretched woman sank back in her pillow, picking at the tattered quilt with her wasted hands.
The customs which prevailed, even a dozen years ago, in Clovernook and other rural neighborhoods of the west, are now obsolete; but I do not in any degree overdraw the manners of the period in which this quilting occurred at Mrs. Wetherbe's.
This fellow is the most congenial of them all, has a little room somewhere in North Moore Street, in which may found two or three pictures of fierce looking tragedians; a cot covered with a quilt of various colors, and looking as if it had been used for a horse blanket; a carpet the colors have long since been worn out of; a dumb clock over the dingy mantel piece; a portrait of the deceased husband of the hostess; and a table well supplied with pipes, tobacco, and French plays.
Already the quilt was in the frames and laid out, as the marking was called, the chamber was ready for the guests, and Ellen said she thought she had been pretty smart -- if she did say it herself. "
It was large, covering the space occupied by three rooms on the ground floor, and next to the roof, so the quilt could be conveniently attached to the rafters by ropes, and thus drawn up out of the way in case it were not finished before nightfall.
When the quilt was finished, romping games were introduced according to the fashion of the times; and the young men took care that the forfeits paid by the pretty girls should generally involve kissing some of their own number.
Joseph, " said Uncle Jaw, the next morning at breakfast, " I s'pose Squire Jones's daughters were not at the quilting? "
Already the quilt was in the frames and laid out, as the marking was called; the chamber was all ready for the guests and Ellen said she thought she had been pretty smart if she did say it herself. "
I knew right well how ludicrous it would be to attempt the twisting of Aunt Wetherbe's quilting and wood-chopping into a fashionable party, but I had little eloquence or argument at command with which to combat the city dame's positive assertions and impertinent suggestions. "
The chamber was large, covering an area occupied by three rooms on the ground floor; and being next to the roof, the quilt could be conveniently attached to the rafters by ropes, and thus drawn up out of the way in case it were not finished before nightfall.
you forget she is to be conveyed under the quilt!
Amid jesting and laughter we took our places at the quilt, while Ellen kept watch at the window and brought up the new comers -- sometimes two or three at once.
In the idea that the ghost would attack her head rather than her feet, she tied up her feet in her bonnet-de-nuit, put them upon the pillow, and her head under the quilt -- a novel way of cheating a spiritual visitant.
A little pine table in the corner of the room is covered with the merino cloth which Mary and Haddy embroidered with braids for me; there is my flute, my port-folio, and the little pile of books that was always on my table at home, -- then the quilt the girls made of bits of their pretty frocks is on my bed
Nothing was to be done, of course, but to instruct her into the philosophy of the case; and, having spitted the joint, and given numberless directions, I walked off to my room to superintend the operations of Kotterin, to whom I had committed the making of my bed and the sweeping of my room, it never having come into my head that there could be a wrong way of making a bed, and to this day it is a marvel to me how any one could arrange pillows and quilts to make such a nondescript appearance as mine now presented.
moon looked down upon the hills sleeping beneath their robes whiter than Marseilles quilts, with a calm, gushing eye, like a mother upon her little children in bed; and the clouds, soft as summer, looked lovingly upon the moon.
Footnotes The women, whether married, or about to be married, have, what they call, a quilting, which corresponds exactly, with this.
The speculation concerning the quilt began to decline; what matter whether it were to be composed of stars or stripes, " rising suns, " or " crescents? "
For all that, though, she shouldn't go to the quilting; nor, more, should Susan. "
On the chair was seated a woman of some twenty-five years, who had wound a ragged quilt about her form, and gathering her babe under its folds, gazed in silence at the prostrate form of her husband.
Ellen Blake of course presided at the wedding, and the quilts quilted that night at Aunt Wetherbe's had been kept unused for a present to Helph's wife on her bridal night.
It followed, of consequence, that, having unburdened her mind freely both to Deacon Enos and to Susan, she began to feel very much more comfortable and good-natured; and consequent upon that came divers reflections upon the many gossiping opportunities and comforts of a quilting; and then the intrusive little reflection, " What if she should go -- after all, what harm would be done? "
is drawn up in the morning, that the sleepers may not be caught by their necks and carried up with the quilt to the top of the building.
There are " quilting bees, " where the thick quilts, so necessary in Canada, are fabricated; " apple bees, " where this fruit is sliced and strung for the winter; " shelling bees, " where peas in bushels are shelled and barrelled; and " logging bees, " where the decayed stumps in the clearings are rooted up by oxen.
Certainly she would like of all things to go to the quilting, and the more, perhaps, that Helph was come for her; but in no time of her life
Over this was spread a sheet, as well as a quilt for covering; and throwing myself down, I was soon fast asleep.
The counterpane was of patchwork, full of odd little parti-coloured squares and triangles; and this arm of his tattooed all over with an interminable Cretan labyrinth of a figure, no two parts of which were of one precise shade -- owing I suppose to his keeping his arm at sea unmethodically in sun and shade, his shirt sleeves irregularly rolled up at various times -- this same arm of his, I say, looked for all the world like a strip of that same patchwork quilt.
The next morning, as Deacon Enos was eating his breakfast, he quietly remarked to his wife, " Sally, I believe it was week after next you were meaning to have your quilting? "
There was a great deal of surmising and debating likewise as to the quilt itself; and some hoped it was a little nicer than any patchwork they had seen of Mrs. Wetherbe's making.
Do you think old Miss Stallins hain't put in a heap of quilts and pillar-cases!
; and, making an effort, he did not; but hovered about the faces of the children, put his mouth towards one, and then the other, and kissed the air between, as if that was sweet enough; experimented with the light on this side and on that, to get every possible view of them; with his thumb and finger took hold of the little velvety hands, that lay over the quilt. "
room, you caught a glimpse of a pleasant bedroom, with its carpet of the same cheerful pattern, and Norah's little straw hat and blue ribbons lying on the white Marseilles quilt, which half covered the low but richly-carved rose-wood bedstead.
The wonder was that she didn't make a party of " whole cloth, " and not stick her quilt in at all.
You will remember, that the face of the sick woman, was altogether concealed by the quilt; her black hair, streaked with grey, alone was visible. "
The mattress was of moss; old and worn, and in tatters, but still carefully preserved and scrupulously clean, was the quilt spread over it -- a thing of shreds and patches.
' Ellen was very busy and very happy, now overseeing the rolling of the quilt, now examining the stitching of some young quilter, and now serving round cakes and cider, and giving to every one kind words and smiles. "
The sick man slept well, but woke unrefreshed, at a very early hour, and grew more and more feverish and restless, till the gas being wholly turned off in the room, where Jerry slept with his clothes on, hour after hour, under pretence of watching; and the little night-taper having disappeared with the nurse, the cold, blue light of a winter's morning entered the room, through the parted curtains, like a spirit, and overspread the ceiling, upon which the calm, thoughtful eyes of the sufferer were fixed, while his lips moved in silent prayer, and his locked hands, which lay on the outside of the quilt, were occasionally lifted in patient thankfulness, till he began to breathe more freely, and to look about him, as if trying to recall what had happened.
Whole families of men, women, and children, half naked, barefoot, in rags, shivering in the cold, lean and gaunt from hunger, without a hut to shelter them from the storm, or a pillow of straw whereon to lay their heads.
Now, the next pilgrim was a very old and miserable man; stone-blind, covered with rags; and supporting his steps with a staff. "
This ornament is considered indispensable, and those who can not afford it, supply its place with a bit of red rag, which equally well answers the intended purpose of pointing them out as disciples of Buddha.
said Mrs. McCarty, begging them to sit down, and excuse the disordered state of her few rags.
; and having drilled a small company of young vagabonds, he made a circuit of the market-places on Saturday nights with these -- their rags flying to the wind, and an expression of doleful gratitude in their faces -- running at his heels; Puffer keeping in the advance, and from time to time ordering a cutlet, or steak, or tender-loin, to be cast in.
In return, gentlemen, for this flattering toast, let me offer you, " The regamuffins and paupers of the ward: they conceal more genuine honor and virtue beneath their rags, than King Solomon in his Sunday clothes, or a Fourth-of-July orator in his new-bought ruffle and wristbands! "
It was able, as the end has shown, to set at defiance the very Constitution of the United States, the latter providing that only gold and silver shall be money; w * * ile this bank, by its career of law-breaking, fraud, and despotism, has at length fairly got the better of this Constitutional provision, ard we have seen through its means irredeemable rags legalized as mcney by the legislators og several of the States.
The windows were glazed principally with paper, to say nothing of old hats, rags, &c.; The head of this honored house fished in the trout season; and he would have put Izaac Walton to the blush, if that illustrious gentleman's angling virtues had been brought to so severe a proof.
Porch above porch, opening out on the alley, served as dooryards to the different apartments -- places for the drying of miserable rags -- play-grounds for the children -- and look-outs, for the decrepit old women, on sunny afternoons.
Chemistry has supplied its bleaching inventions and its medicines, not to speak of the more questionable blessings of dry bone soup, linen rag sugar, and sawdust bread.
In the first particular, while the standard of intelligence and refinement among our native population is perhaps higher than among our neighbors under the British crown, they are rapidly following our steps as to popular education, and they receive much smaller proportional accessions than we do of a degraded foreign population, whose brutish habits of living have a direct tendency to reduce the price of labor to what will furnish the discomfort, smoke, and rags of a shanty.
In groping my way around the prison, I could not fail to encounter this rag upon completing the circuit.
Humbly the stranger took the offered crumb Yet ate not of it, standing meek and dumb: Then lifts his eyes, -- the wondering Ahab saw His rags fall from him as the snow in thaw.
Isn't your mother in the house, and haven't you a dry rag to put upon that poor child? '
At midday, when the streets seem to run with liquid fire, when scarcely any pedestrian is abroad, and even the policeman has retired to enjoy the luxury of shade, you may see the droshky driver clinging to his post of duty, the carter urging on his dirt-besmeared equipage, the vender offering his wares with the cry which is a shriek, and the beggars, sexless by plenitude of rags, awaiting their copek at the blazing doors of church and catlle (lral.
Like revelling witches in rags, and seen through the bedimmed atmosphere at the further end of the den, are half-frantic men, women, and girls
He had a shining, bulbous forehead, rather scantily thatched with blades of hair; his face, small, meagre, and yet vulgar, was adorned with a pair of short, rusty whiskers, and a rag of a moustache; in all respects not what one would call a face eminently prepossessing.
There was a time when she did not care if the floor was all covered with heaps of dirt, and she would go out into the street with the rags flying all about her, and her hair in masses of thick tangles, and her face quite black and ugly.
The chords of tender sympathy were at once touched and Bettina followed the old woman outside the walls, and beyond an angle of the ruins a few rods, when the person who had so excited her commiseration suddenly stopped, and tossing off the wretched rags he wore, he stood before her the athletic leader of banditti, Petard! "
upon The farnish'd wretch before you, poor in all things Save honor; -- on these tatter'd rags you gazed; You thought he might be bought.
next yard with scarcely a rag to their backs.
He did not remember how beautiful the contrast must be to Pat as he came from his mother's den of infamy, where rags and dirt prevailed, to the neat and cleanly dwelling, and the pure, bright, happy faces of Mrs. Bates and her two children.
However, it's my motto never to give up; so, of course I gained the top at last, and, opening a door, found myself in a garret, piled up as high as my waist with old rags, and old papers, and old bits of bones. "
Here he wrote some of his finest critical essays for the reviews, and that " rag of a book, " as he calls it, the " Life of Schiller. "
Whence then thy right to rack my limbs with toil, And bear away the produce of the soil; Leave my poor babes in rags the blast to feel, Wet with hot tears their scant, unwholesome meal, And earthward, like the beasts that perish, gaze From springtime to the
Come, fork over the solid, Old Rags, " said the boatman, with a loud laugh, and turning with a quizzical leer to a group of captains, and sloop-boys that had gathered to see the fun. "
Peirce eyed him as he stood there in his shirt sleeyes, with a shaving ringlet lodged over his right ear and a rag wound about a wounded thumb, to see what he had to expect from his new master, for such he instinctively knew him to be.
There is a higher pleasure in his view in preachiiig to the savages, than in sharing the luxuries of refined society; and in preferring the former he acts upon the same principle of self-love, as the chimney sweeper would in giving up his sooty rags for the purple linen of a prince.
limpsy as a rag, so that the doctors would think he was jest ready to fly off the handle, and let him go down to the Rip Raps and stay there a fortnight, and he'd come up again as smart as a steel-trap.
He was but shabbily apparelled in faded jacket and patched trowsers; a rag of a black handkerchief investing his neck.
One was decrying infant baptism as a " rag of Popery, " " the last relic of Rome in Protestantism, " " a device of Satan to fill up the church with unconverted members, " and much more to that effect.
He's down on rags, I tell ye.
Whatever may be the determination of the poor cultivator in bearing hunger, that he may face his other xvarits, he is in general naked, or covered with rags, transmitted in the family from generation to generation.
Of this description are bones, horns and hoofs of cattle, bone dust, the entire carcasses of animals, cuttings of leather, woolen rags, feathers, and hair.
The ' Doctor, ' a large, dark man, very showily dressed, complied, and spoke as follows: -- ' As I was saying, gentlemen, I had become awfully reduced -- not a cent in my possession, not a friend in the world, and clothed in rags.
All was confusion for a few moments within, when a light was struck and the muzzle of Leat's fowling piece came poking through another pane; but it was soon withdrawn, and Mr. Leat himself, in proprid persond but robed in fewer rags than he had generally oflFered to the gaze of the public, came rushing out of the door.
Sailor -- Strut in rags -- But whither bound, friend?
One of them had rags bound round her feet, and a pair of broken shoes.
When darkness came on, sky and sea roared and split with the thunder, and blazed with the lightning, that showed the disabled masts fluttering here and there with the rags which the first fury of the
its ruthless keepers have refused them bread, shut them into the street, and left them in rags scarce sufficient to cover their nakedness, to sleep upon the cold stones, a mute but terrible rebuke to those hearts that bleed over the sorrows of Africa, but have no blood to give out when the object of pity is a poor, heart-sick girl, forced to make the cold pavement her bed.
After the house was all blown to pieces, the giant began to blow at you; and your scarlet robes all went into rags, and you yourself came near going off a precipice. "
The floor is covered with litter and filthy rags, and none of the vessels are clean.
As the girl set down her burden, the door re-opened behind her, and a little boy, whose clothing was one consolidated rag from top to toe, made his appearance.
You say the children were ragged and dirty; I shall see that they are comfortably clothed, and, if I find that the clothes are kept whole and clean, I will befriend the family farther, but if they are let run to rags, without washing or mending, I shall do no more. "
Ther was sum ten or a dozen families livin in the house, and all of ' em was frightened almost to deth, and turned out of ther beds into the street, jest because the family in the roof had gone to sleep leavin a pile of old rags afire to drive off the musketers.
He came to this castle in his Palmer's rags and perilled his life to rescue his Ladye love.
rags into the wasps holes, where the nest lies, and presently fling a spade full of earth over the holes.
I don't see how a dinner is to come out of this, " said Habbakkuk Viol, after gazing upon the apparel a reasonable length of time, " unless, Bob, you propose to feed us, like ostriches, on rags and iron.
So we used to lodge here and there, in the cellars about the Points, in ' Cut Throat Alley, ' or ' Cow Bay, ' or ' Murderer's Alley, ' or in ' The House of the Nine Nations, ' or wherever we could get a sixpenny rag to lay down upon.
* Esquirol says, of the insane in France, " I have seen them naked or covered with rags, with nothing but a layer of straw to protect them from the cold dampness of the ground upon which they lay.
staff in hand, the gaunt old man, clad in rags that a beggar might have been ashamed to wear, stood between the gazers and the light of the western sky, his silvery hair reddened at the edges by the rays of the declining sun.
Is it our wish that honest-hearted manhood, apparelled, it may be, in rags, and held low and cheap in the world's esteem, should, for any reason whatever, be robbed of its suffrage, and made to keep its peace in the presence of power, or wealth, or hereditary scorn?
For to go as a passenger you must needs have a purse, and a purse is but a rag unless you have something in it.
was hemp and flax yesterday, and linen, and rags, and money today, too often brings you down to rags tomorrow, and not perhaps quite so often as it might, to hemp again the day after.
is to exhibit -- a walking piece of paste-board or bundle of rags.
In the savage state, and before cotton wrapped mankind, they suffered for clothing, and rags indicated poverty.
They all rush about -- the lethargic German keeps pace with the energetic Yankee; and the Irishman, no longer in rags, " guesses " and " spekilates " in the brogue of Erin.
A kind of genteel beggar, who is tolerated by the great on account of his lineage; a sort of poor relation ' a gentleman Lazarus, in fact, who haunts the Royal Court, until his sores are dressed with a pension, and his rags made decent, with a little golden tinsel.
The floor was covered in the centre by a carpet made of rags, a species of manufacture that was then, and yet continues to be, much in use in the interior; while its edges, that were exposed to view, were of unspotted cleanliness.
look at your money-bags, for they tell the Gineral you han't got stuff enuff in the Bank to make him a pair of spectacles; none of your rags, ' says I, but the real grit: ' and with that he call'd 2 or 3 chaps in Quaker coats, and they open'd a large place about as big as the east room; ' and such a sight I never see -- boxes, bags, and kegs, all full, and I should say nigh upon a hundred cord.
And the poor wretch, clad in rags, clutched the curtains with trembling hands, and looked, -- while a ray of light shining upon his eyeballs, showed that they flashed -- grew dim with tears -- and burned into life again.
-- On some sunny day when Broadway is thronged with a current of fashion, youth and beauty, (and, for that matter, rags, old age and ugliness too,) when the sky is full of spring
You dirthy owld bit of a blackguard of a rag, ' says I, in an exthremity of rage, ' You're not fit for the back of a dacent lad an ' a jintleman.
I see the dirt and rags; I see the wrinkles and elf-locks, the wild eye and the shrivelled limbs; I hear the hoarse and broken tones of age and passion, the convulsive laughter and the
crossing the Niemen in presence of Napoleon, as he sat in his tower and saw those glorious legions move in beautiful order and high spirits before him; and the remnant of that scattered army in rags, wan and ghastly, following their iron-hearted leader as he strode on foot over the same river, always fills one with the profoundest melancholy.
a base coin upon our community, shake public credit, poison faith between man and man, turn certificates of stock into rags, and render it good husbandry-.. as it was twelve years ago in the Dutch cities -- to pull down brick houses, for the sake of saving the tax?
(They are made by dipping paper or rags in melted sulphur.)
He has shown them that vice may be wrapped in silks and broadcloths, and virtue in rags; he has shown them that under the poorest garments may beat hearts great and noble -- may live
The flour, leather, and rags have been manufactured into corresponding articles, the bread has been eaten, the shoes are half worn out, and the paper is covered with writing or printing, so that a new supply of each is called for.
For myself, ge'mmen, if you ask my views of litter-a-toor, I don't hesitate to say, in vun sense o ' the word, excuse the expression, it's nothin ' but a powerful combination o ' rags and brass: by which I means to say, it takes a uncommon quantity o ' rags to make the paper out of, and it takes a uncommon sight o ' brass and courage to make the paper full o ' readin ' matter.
w could alone afford them " She can make no head against this sea, under that rag of canva55, " said Barnstable
Pay-As-I-Go,  responded the old man, and at the word, from some obscure nook of his rags, he drew forth a crown of shining silver. "
snatching up a rag of tarred canvass and a bunch of spun-yarn that somebody held near -- good for the lockjaw -- tried
The porter bottle, which illuminates the room, is held by a huge negro, who, with rags upon his chest, is playing cards with a
They are not the men to fight less earnestly on that account, nor will their poverty and rags hinder them from striking a good blow, when occasion serves, against the invader to whom they owe them. "
Why that astonishing timorousness of Howe before Valley Forge; where the relics of a force starving, sickcuing, and in rags, could scarcely man the lines, which they held before a great, victorious, and perfectly appointed army?
This is a jewel amidst the rags of a beggar.
rags, and clinging to his side, " don't cry!
Halting at the door of a little house, the roof overgrown with black moss, the windows filled with rags, and poverty written upon every shingle, he stood for several seconds hesitating and shivering.
No one supposes it strange, if a man wastes his time and his patrimony in field sports, the dram shop, and at the gaming-table, that he becomes poor, and that his wife and children are dwelling in a hovel, starved with hnnger and clothed in rags.
-- " To suckle fools and chronicle small beer " -- kill spiders, darn rags, and whip children -- O, there's nothing so pleasant.
Necessity had almost driven me to the sign of the ' Three Martyrs, ' to see what the man of the eagle face would give me on my cap, for they said the man at the ' Three Martyrs ' lent money on rags such as I had.
hardly a rag to my back, or a halfpenny in my pocket, I thought after all that they might as well have finished the matter.
of Runnymede agreement among the rag barons, that no one of the fraternity should be monarch over the others-n quarrel of the robbers against their brigand chief for assuming more authority than is justly due to him -- a quarrel which would soon be healed when the hand itself is endangered, or new spoils are to be obtained..
Rags, perhaps I had better say -- but the rags have been clothes, woven and sewn by man's hands -- so he must have lived among men -- civilized men -- and he has grown but little, as you may perceive, since those clothes were made -- therefore, he can not have been long on the island. "
Or he was a piece of string, a rag, a willow-wand, and I had a contemptuous pity.
As these grew apace, they were to be seen hanging about the smithy bare-footed, half covered with rags, and with smutty faces looking wildly out of mops of hair, that radiated like the beams of the sun in the image of that luminary on a country sign.
ANSELMO They come From princes that are traffickers in rags.
Clothe him with finest stuffs, yourselves in rags Which scarcely cover ye: furnish for him costly couch, Yours the hard plank: yield to him the labor Of your youth, your life, and when useless grown, To be cast off, like superannuated Brutes, to die unsuccoured.
It is so green and quiet all about the house -- no rude boys shouting in her ear as she steps without the door, or throwing mud-balls into the open windows; no brazen, neglected girls to call her low names, or pin dirty rags upon her gown as she walks
and then tell us it is nothing worth; what is it but to act over on a large national scale, that detestable villany of our bankrupt monied corporations, who buy up at a discount their own worthless rags?
Thar they was, covered with rags and dirt, livin in houses and cellars, without hardly any furniture; and sum of ' em without dores or winders.
He has bundles of rags on his sled, which, perhaps, he values, but which can be of no service to him.
By their joint operation the number of banks was more than doubled in the space of time we are now speaking of; and nearly nine hundred manufactories of paper money were set in motion,, pouring forth their rags
But if rags and mud claimed the whole of the body, the face belonged to nothing but fun; and the child and her fringed habiliments took flying leaps over the rope, in a style that quite distanced the sports of Quilp's boy.
It should be rubbed into the parts affected, by means of a piece of rag tied to a stick, the operator taking care not to let it touch his clothes.
This basket contained a nest of rags and an indescribable baby; and in the ashes on the rough hearth played several dingy objects, which I suppose had once been babies. "
Gutters running with seething matter; homeless outcasts sitting, besotted, on crazy door-steps; the vicious, with savage visage, and keen, watchful eye, loitering at the doors of filthy " groceries; " the sickly and neglected child crawling upon the side-pave, or seeking a crust to appease its hunger-all are found here, gasping, in rags, a breath of air by day, or seeking a shelter, at night, in dens so abject that the world can furnish no counterpart.
Don't you know I am good for nothing -- just like a dem rag in the mornin ', ' till I get my gin-cock-tail?
And this is no more of a mob than a rally of shepherds to chase a wolf out of their pastures would he one. "
Let, then, the people of Great Britain and of these United States rally around the standard of religious freedom for the world; let them lift up the cry of indignation at every infringement of the
Where the petitioners are very /z/ numerous, what is a petition in form may assume, in fact, the character of a rally or a threat.
It was put down, not after a calm and deliberate examination of the measure, as one deserving thorough consideration, in the peculiar condition of the country; but it was met by a party rally; rejected, and thrown out; not merely as an extravagant and unprofitable suggestion, but as a heresy.
the fight itself -- for placing vividly before you all the alternations between defeat and victory in a hard fought field -- for hurrying the reader breathlessly along with the current of events, so that he fancies himself a spectator of, almost an actor in the scene, and feels a personal interest in the fate of the several combatants -- for seizing instinctively on the strongest and most picturesque points of the combat -- for placing fair in view the wheeling, advancing, and retreating of the several squadrons and bodies of troops -- the dread closing and deadly strife of the mortal foes -- the charge, the rally, the rout, the flight, and the pursuit -- in all of these Scott has never been approached.
In prepa * ing sea-island cotton, the saw-gin is not gener * rally employed, as it breaks the long silky fibre which is one element ofits peeulic.r value.
the quick sharp yelping rally of those two high-bred bitches.
But when Freedom's champions rally ' Gainst the despot's sway, Then they mourn the friend and ally That has passed away.
cried the hero to his fellow conspirators; who, having been somewhat horrified by the sudden rally of the enemy, now recovered courage, and rushed upon him pell-mell; so that, when he recovered from the shock of his fall, not Gulhiver himself, waking from his first nap in Lilliput, was more multitudinously overrun by the bodies, or more hopelessly secured in the toils, of his pigmy foes.
But Jem was in his place, and in another moment a long whoop came ringing down the glen, and the shrill yelping rally of the hounds as they all opened on a view together!
These moral qualities of scenery are carefully investigated by painters, but they have been gene rally overlooked by artists in real landscape.
provoke a general rally against it, but working as one of the elements in a mixed mass, infusing its leaven, and often making what would be the weaker part the stronger, by the addition of its influence.
Thy friends will have a large meeting next week, and are determined to make a strong rally in thy favor.
of measures as for another, for one set of principles as for their opposite; and only anxious to take advantage of the brief rally of the " credit system, " which they hoped as the consequence of a political revolution, for their relief from their own immediate embarrassments.
A brilliant rally followed -- we calling off our wearied dogs, and hasting to the lower road, where we found Garry with the sleighs, and dashing off in our turn through all sorts of bye-paths and wood-roads to head them once again!
The heathen imagination was indeed natu- /z/ rally filled with such images.
With an unerring instinct and sagacity peculiar to an incensed and outraged people; they struck at the centre of this unholy combination -- the sun of the system around which all the lesser luminaries revolved, and from which they drew their light and heat, and the princples of vitality; they struck their first blow at the Bank of the United States, the main pillar of strength to the nllied forces; their high tower of defence into which they retreated in the hour of distress for council and succor, and whence went forth the signal for the rally or the onset; they first resolved on the destruction of that Mother of Jacobins, ' who could call to her aid a thousand affiliated and kindred inst; tutions, living on the pabulum she furnished
Well, well, I meant no offence, ' rejoined the tinker, seemingly abashed at the poor reception of his rally.
The restless and insatiable ambition of Bonaparte cooperating with and stimulated by the necessities of his position, rallied, at length, all Europe against him, people as well as kings, including even the British Whigs a rally which brought about his double dethronement, and, with the further progress of the reaction, the modified reestablishment of the old French monarchy.
rally turned to beneficence and virtue, becomes acquainted in early life with an unprincipled man of the name of Alsop, who succeeds in convincing him that religion is a cheat
He farther volunteered, in the rally of his spirits, to ask Adolphus into the " old lady's " house; meaning thereby a playful allusion to his respectable sister-in-law, Mrs. Fleming.
A rally was made by the bulls in the evening, under the trees, but it did not succeed.
Let one of their riders go north, the other south; and spare no horse-flesh of mine in an emergency like this; but ride and rally, till you have sent the bloody tale to every house and hut this side the mountains.
, let me rally our brave men again, And cheer their drooping spirits for the fight.
On the approach of Breyman's reinforcements, the flying party of Baum made a rally, and the fortune of the day was for a moment in suspense.
The roots of trees and plants gene-s ' /z/ rally are of a growth proportionate to that of their branches
ruinous retreat, their rally and final siege, all tend to this grand result, till the long series is closed by the downfall of the capital.
Nor is this descenJing stream of trade wholly withdrawn from our own channels of conveyance, for its proceeds find their way by a circuitous course through the canals of New York, and in that form swell the i-evenues of the treasury: -- and the fact will strikins-ly illustrate the value of the Union, in binding in bonds of mutual benefit all our commercial interests, both foreign and domestic, and in animating every portion of our various industry, that the food thus exported from the inmost recesses of the West - - exchanged for cotton at the mouth of the Mississippi -- exported in that form to the workshops of Europe -- again exchanged for their fabrics, and brought home by our shipping to the seaports of the north, -- is at last returned through the Erie canal to the luxuriant rallies from which it first originated; thus revolving through the whole circle
rally handed it back wid a drop in the cup; and that?
Ye Landsmen, like your sea-beat tars, Each selfish thought forego; United rally ' neath your stars, And brave the storms that blow: From civil broils and discord cease, ' T is Party wrecks a nation's peace; Like Messmates join in Union's band, Yourselves protect -- your Native Land.
One halt was made to remove and change all leather boots, which, in consequence of our late warm weather, had been taken into use, but were now no longer safe; and then, with a rally, the piled-up floe around the cliffs of Cape Walker was reached.
hence, also, in part, the very peculiar kind of that has come into vogue in California, and probably a full half of the agriculture of the state is either now, or at some former time, has been // carried on, as an operation of sqnatting in this manner, viz, by taking possession of lands gene rally known to be vested in private owners by a title derived from the Mexican government,
It is simply one of the items in the account between the two parties, which usually appears on both sides, and is regularly the same on both, because the carrying trade of two countries natu rally divides itself between them in equal shares.
* It has sometimes been supposed that this portion of the human race are also more inclined to vicious habits gene rally, and unruly passions than others.
Captain Combs ' position threw him in the rear in this movement, and, although severely wounded in the shoulder by a ball, which remained lodged in his body, and bleeding profusely, he was enabled now and then to make a rally and drive back the painted devils, when they would be rushing up too closely upon his command.
Before he could extricate himself, Inglehardt had disappeared from the scene -- from the field; for, believing everything lost -- ignorant of the rally of Marjoribanks as well as Coffin, and seeing the latter driven before the dragoons of Hampton, he obeyed only the counsels of his own fear, and led the remnant of his troop into the deep thickets, whence he made his way into the nearest swamp harborage.
And seek not bliss on airy heights, Whose dizzy power doth rally; The fragrant little heart's-ease lights The lowliest, humblest valley.
I 'm kilt, I 'm kilt, " so pertinaciously and so obstreperously withal, as to wake up several of the guardians of the night, who made a rally, and carried the whole party to the watch-house, including an Irishman who happened to be on a visit up stairs, by the name of Timothy Martin.
Let all the true sons of the South rally under Randolph's standard in this good work.
The pirates were taken almost by surprise, and a vigorous rally of the Garland's crew, forced them to retreat to their own vessel.
Once or twice I have known him touch nerves that go close to the heart; but gene rally, he is no master of the feelings.
69. rally liked and cultivated of the early pears, being one of the very few that have high flavor.
The public, gene- /z/ rally, remained indifferent, notwithstanding the marvellous things which were related of the terri tory which had been ceded to the company.
for the rally and the onset is again heard, we shall find a host of auxiliaries, we little dreamed of, arrayed against the people.
we asked of Mrs. Partington, as we saw the old dame reading a " grand rally " handbill at the corner of the grocery store.
The first of these depends upon the circumstance, that in investigating the relations and tendencies in these cases, we are gene rally obliged to trust to observation alone, as the phenomena happen to be presented to us, and can not confirm and correct these observations by direct experiment.
And we see that, when the people were made to see the evidence of a design on the part of a foreign priesthood to exert an undue control over the measures of government, party adhesions that have lasted for a whole generation were forgotten, and a general rally of the people warns the foreign party to keep their places.
Officer My lord, not e'en a gleam of hope remains: The lion-hearted in a rally fell, Buried mid countless heaps of daring friends.
A diversion gene rally operates as a recreation, though every recreation is not a diversion.
But that was an element which only hot heads could breathe; in view of the educated class, gene rally, it was not a fact to front the sun; and the alienation of such men from the church became complete. "
Even * though a bare majority might establish it, or something resembling it, if its passage by such a feeble power served only to rally its adversaries to crush it with a second effort, the measure would have been impolitic: it involves too much to be trusted on a bare majority.
It had resources, and means of rally, which are always important considerations to a militia command.
Where a writer or speaker is called upon to go out of his ordinary track, and discourse upon matters that are not familiar to his thoughts, we gene rally feel at least the result of an extraordinary effort arid sometimes we find it is too easy to follow him in his illustratious, through other authors, and recognize material which he has borrowed fi'orn them, and incorporated with his own thoughts, without even subjecting it to the process of assimilation.
And in truth, Victor's Gallic courser repaid his master's vaunts; for he made, though he had seemed beat, so desperate a rally, that he rushed past the bay Arab almost at the goal, and won by a clear length amidst the roars of the glad spectators. "
, &c. // should precede the appearance of truth, just as the dawn precedes the coming of " the glorious orb of day; " and although the dawn is forgotten in the splendor of the day, and the season of speculation is lost in the blaze of truth, by people gen * rally, yet there are a few who retain the knowledge of the necessary progress of events.
The school of smart writers, indeed, embraces many varieties; of which the French gene rally are the most vicious; indeed so utterly vicious that, in our estimation, there are few of them who are less than contemptible, and even that few are no favorites with us.
Having thus thrown down the gauntlet, he instantly entered upon the contest, with pen and voice, in a manner so able, so winning, and so courageous, as to 32* // rally around the cause hundreds of his fellow-citizens, place in an absurd light the best concocted arguments of Toryism, refute the subtleties of experienced casuists, and kindle the patriotic enthusiasm destined to achieve a country's freedom.
Suppose all Mr. Wood's defamatory allegations to be true -- suppose him to be able to rake up against her out of the records of the Antigua police, or from the veracious testimony of his brother colonists, twenty stories as bad or worse than what he insinuates -- suppose the whole of her own statement to be false, and even the whole of her conduct since she came under our observation here to be a tissue of hypocrisy; -- suppose all this -- and leave the negro woman as black in character as in complexion, 21 -- yet it would affect not the main facts -- which are these.
It is historical, and the name and circumstances are to be found in the records of those times.
The Confucian school flourished in high esteem; about a hundred years after the death of its founder it produced its next most eminent sage, Mencius, the record of whose wisdom is included in, and closes, the sacred canon.
/z/ Hence was it a principal design of the revelation of which we have the records in the books of the Old Testament, to teach the divine unity; to instruct men in the worship of one God, the eternal, unchangeable, almighty Maker, and Sovereign of the world, the only invisible object of the homage of men; and to draw them off from the imagination, that different beings preside over different parts of nature, or that good and evil spring from different and independent sources, and that the mixture of good and evil, which is seen in the universe, is to be traced to two self-existent, independent, and opposite principles.
9, in relation to the records and copies of the records.
@@170 THE Buccaneers; A ROMANCE OF OUR OWN COUNTRY IN ITS ANCIENT DAY; ILLUSTRATED WITH DIVERS MARVELLOUS HISTORIES, AND ANTIQUE AND FACETIOUS EPISODES; GATHERED FROM THE MOST AUTHENTIC CHRONICLES &; AFFIRMED RECORDS EXTANT FROM THE Settlement of the Nieuw Nederlandts UNTIL THE TIMES OF THE FAMOUS RICHARD KID: CAREFULLY COLLATED FROM THE LABORIOUS RESEARCHES, AND MINUTE INVESTIGATIONS, OF THAT EXCELLENT ANTIQUARY AND SUBLIME PHILOSOPHER, YCLEPT TERENTIUS PHLOGOBOMBOS.
The book remains, as we say, the most formidable record at present extant of the selfish ambition, the culpable folly, and the at last glaring incapacity of Napoleon Bonaparte.
Written laws are a // record of the state of parties and opinion at the time when they were made; however faithful and just, they cast no spell over the encroachments of time and the laws of political gravitation.
I see thou art studying these evidences of years in my features as the forester examines the rings in the fallen tree to estimate its age, but these (pointing to the wrinkles) are records which years alone could not have wrought.
Nor can it be questioned from what stands on legendary record of this noble horse, that it was his spiritual whiteness chiefly, which so clothed him with divineness; and that this divineness had that in it which, though commanding worship, at the same time enforced a certain nameless terror.
The time has come when the people can only trust such men as are known by their past record to be national statesmen; to such men as can not, by local causes, be turned aside from the great good of the nation.
It is a very mistaken conception, that the effect of a good or a bad state of the art of reporting is merely, whether we shall or shall not have a faithful record of what is spoken in our deliberative assemblies at any particular time.
They regarded them as their public records, as the means of perpetuating all public fame, all private honour, and all valuable instruction.
Can you find in the page of any history, -- in the record of any age or country -- a Spirit at once so loving and so actual
Doctor Cotton Mather preached his funeral sermon, from these words: " Looking steadfastly on him, they saw his face, as it had been the face of an angel " He calls him that man of G-od, and has left on record a full testimony to his usefulness in life, and to his happiness in death. "
The discoveries which this volume records form the basis of physical astronomy.
In view of the latter, it seems scarcely credible, that, until the middle of the, fifteenth century, no mariner of Europe had dared to lose sight of his own coast; but such is the record of history.
This idea probably took its origin in a wish to support certain interpretations of the Mosaic record, and it has never yet been propounded by any writer who seemed to have a due sense of the value of science in this class of investigations.
A Convention was called, a Constitution framed and adopted; and the second act of the new Congress stands on the records entitled: " An Act to make provision for the necessities of government, the payment of the national debt, and the protection of American manufactures. "
In the progress of our maritime war, many interesting questions of public law gave scope to his learning and ability; and the aid that he contributed to the erection of the system of Prize Law, which, in the absence of precedent, the Supreme Court was under the necessity of building up, is prominent in the judicial records of the times.
In others, though the spirit of the rule ought to be observed, it is generally expected of the secretary, that his record shall be both a journal, and in some sort a report, of the proceedings.
And, in consulting the records of a professed revelation, we are seeking the testimony of God, not of man.
The church records having been consumed when the parsonage house was burned, in the spring of 1742, it is impossible to present so definite an account of Mr. Moody's success in the ministry, as otherwise could be done.
Then there is not a single provision, in the whole system, for the delivery of a fugitive; nor any record, in the whole history, of a single case of such delivery; nor any thing in all the laws and history, that looks as though such delivery was intended.
4 The Cushites, or Ethiopians, let me tell you, established the first regular police which history records.
The records of a prosperous country life are easily and briefly told.
XVe have seen what he was in Dec. 1836, and Feb. 1837-that he rejected the historic records of Christianity, and rested in the absolute religion.
may the record of the gracious dealings of my God ever serve to quicken, enliven and encourage me and make me faithful, for Christ
If there were any other representatives than these concerned in the declaration of independence, if that act was performed by representatives chosen by ' the whole people of the colonies, ' for that or any other purpose, if any such representatives could possibly have been chosen by the colonies as then organized, no historical record, that has yet met my view, contains one syllable of the matter. "
The selectmen and town-clerk send a copy of that record, certified by them, to the office of the secretary of state, seventeen days before the last Wednesday of
Any person can select a quarter, or even an eighth section, -- 160 or 80 acres, - wherever he can find one surveyed and not yet sold, and by making a record of his intention to occupy and settle it himself he can secure what is called the " pre * imption right; " - a right which, partly by the force of law and partly by custom, amounts to a privilege of purchasing that land at the minimum price of $1.25 an acre, whenever the government shall think proper to sell it, which it will do when // the settlement is so far advanced as to render it probable that most of the land in the vicinity will bring that price.
I pass by the following day or two of our journey, for nothing occurred worthy of record.
This is a little over the record of Dr. Tanner, but the result is very different.
Of the impressions which they produced upon the artist's mind, we have only one partial record; and, although we can, perhaps, reconcile it with the course of his subsequent studies, and the acknowledged superiority which resulted from them, this record is hardly what we might have anticipated.
has lived long enough-he has done enough, and done so successfully, so honorably as to connect himself, for all time, with the records of his country. "
The record is inscribed in pages that survive storm, and wreck, and fire; -- more indelibly written than on pillars of brass
This is clearly shown by the record of his whole life.
How many lives have been saved; how many weather-worn mariners, bowed down with disease, have been renewed in health and strength; how many unhappy castaways have found food abundantly, where all they could expect was a lingering death; and have been sustained in their exile, and restored at last to their friends and kindred, through the unselfish benevolence of this brave and kind-hearted navigator, no written record exists to tell; but there arc records graven upon the hearts of
But history has also her brighter chapters, and her immortal record of such teachers as Socrates and Plato; and of races too, that seem
in all the records of sorrow, we know not a more melancholy tale, than that of the close of Chatterton's career.
records of the latter prison do not furnish the means for making this distinction.
After a not very willing and a wholly fruitless search in his own records, he told his wearisome visitor that he could not answer her question, and he recommended her
@@554481 txt THE Legislature of Massachusetts has at various times manifested a very commendable desire to preserve the records and muniments of our forefathers, and to diffuse the knowledge of our colonial and provincial history.
/z/ /q/ ' Record your resolutions; number your duties; kindle your devotion at the foot of the cross; fix your fleeting hopes; and prepare for the year that shall never end.
I proposed to join a village and make myself an inmate of one of their lodges; and henceforward this narrative, so far as I am concerned, will be chiefly a record of the progress of this design apparently so easy of accomplishment, and the unexpected impediments that opposed it.
Containing a faithful record of the PERAMBULATIONS, PERILS, TRAVELS, ADVENTURES, AND SPORTING TRANSACTIONS OF THE CORRESPONDING MEMBERS.
It would be not a little amusing, if people should, hereafter, have to turn to Randolph, to know, who Mr. Pinkney was -- to that very Randolph, as the only record; or the best record of Mr. Pinkney the father; or of Mr Pinkney the son.And yet, I have no doubt that it will be so.
Tradition speaks in exalted terms of several efforts of this kind, of which no record was made.
, the Press Footnote: 1Kb That like another Sun, illumes the world With intellectual lustre -- and those records, The Greek and Roman classics, which hand down The ages past, marshalling forth those men Who trod the stage of honourable life, And clarm'd posterity to imitation -- Whence that alarm?
If there was nothing peculiar in kind in our Saviour's position, with reference to the world and the ages, no law of the Divine consistency and veracity made it necessary that the common mind should have access to reliable records of his life and character.
because those most concerned in them preferred to leave a generous indefiniteness about their history, -- or that no wills are on record, for the good reason that there was no property to be conveyed by that method, - the inquirer must acquiesce.
Still, he follows with so much enthusiasm the wonderful story of their achievements, and depicts in such glowing colors their noble bearing and prowess, that the general effect is like that of a record of knight-errantry; his heart is stirred within him, as at the sound of a trumpet, by the recital of their deeds; and the consequence is, that the reader is hurried along with him, and cheated into admiration of a
He then buttered his toast, and with a piece of smoked herring as a relish, proceeded very composedly to eat his supper on the corner of his table, his cup resting on Chitty's Pleadings, his saucer on a copy of the Revised Statues, and his plate upon the open volume of the Records of the Court of Sessions, while his sugar bowl and cream-pot found a clear place of the table for their accommodation.
@@554344 txt THE most instructive chapter in the comprehensive records of philosophy, is example.
marriage, and the births resulting from it, do not appear on the same record.
This " nurture and admonition of the Lord " under the parental roof, and the memories and records of his pious ancestry, had a strong influence upon him.
Perhaps his name might be found in the records of that stern Court of Justice, which passed a sentence, too mighty for the age, but glorious in all after times, for its humbling lesson to the monarch and its high example to the subject.
Craig had been so indiscreet as to preserve this accusing record, and it was discovered in this depository.
The Lord, that hath a record of all things lost, only knows!
The record that has come down to us from other nations, written with their own blood, should be a warning to the free citizens of this republic to
The impression left by this simple record of woman's part in the revolutionary struggle is that of the general tone of feeling rather than of particular incidents of heroism.
On the other hand, those who stood where they stand now, -- whose names occupied the signs and the records which theirs now fill, -- have passed away, or, here and there, come
We anticipate great pleasure and profit in studying the ministerial records of other denominations.
Senator Benton is able to fill his book with the record of a succession of double triumphs, that his great measures have been approved by the people, and that the country has held on in a career of unprecedented prosperity under their operation.
The readers, therefore, may rely upon the record as the truth,
To apply it to a nobleman, indeed, would have been, at one time, to have given a mortal affront, and a curious anecdote is on record, to this effect in the case of
The fitful winds no record keep, what sorrows then befell; The sunny brook goes babbling on; the Spring leaves come and go, Yet they waken not the heart that here lies mouldering and low; These ashes will not live again till the dim skies abroad Are as a scroll, and Earth and Sea heave in the breath of God!
my name effac'd From Glory's brilliant record.
Of the impressions which they produced upon the artist's mind, we have only one partial record; and, although we can, perhaps, reconcile it with the course of his subsequent studies, and the acknowledged superiority which resulted from them, this record is hardly what we might have anticipated.
The rest of the morning between engrossing deeds and the Record Office.
This, as a practical art, is generally supposed to be coeval with the human race, and its existence is recognised in the earliest records of man, authentic or fabulous.
This record shall be read at the commencement of the next subsequent meeting.
I am free; -- And in the freedom I have won from him, And in the bondage I have sworn to thee, I write the record of my happiness!
THIS story is not a fiction; -- the principal circumstances stand on record.
There are but few traces on record of their dealings, in which, of course, the horroxving was all on one side and the lending on the other; but that Addison lent freely appears from a remark in one of Steele's letters to his wife, in which he says, that " he has paid Mr. Addison the whole thousand pounds. "
And when personal incentives cease, that deep instinctive interest, common to all men in the story of any human carccr, prolongs the charm and power of the record.
The proceedings in his case may be known by the subjoined extract from the records.
Of the many generous acts of Lady Blessington, we find few records in her correspondence, but we shall iind in her letters evidences enough (undesignedly furnished by her) of that natural and
Not an infant dies or is born, but is made the subject of verse; nay, its smiles and tears are put on record; its hobby-horse, and its infant ideas as they begin to bud and breathe aloud.
As no event of particularly marked interest occurred with those whose histories we are writing, during the next few years, we will pass over that time without a record.
The ministers of the Crown confessed this in the very resolutions they offered; Parliament confessed it; and it is a fact undeniable upon the record; proved by authentic state papers, of which we have given some idea in the preceding pages.
He had rarely been upon these waves, and the records of his boasted art were not found in these deserts.
When we look for the record we find but little authority for a faith so confiding, and seemingly so exaggerated.
She turned her face to the rostrum, on which Hunter was already displaying the record of a nation's enfranchisement; but interrupted his proceedings without ceremony, crying eagerly, " You have a painter's eyes, Mr. Hunter -- do you know that man on the road yonder?
Julian spared him that portion of his knowledge, secret to all but himself, of which he had left such a sudden and bloody record, at midnight, on the battle-field of Ceuta.
* So far as New England is concerned, the history of the country, from its settlement up to the present day, is little else than a record of the continual sacrifice of every selfish con.
How far the same remark can be applied to another country, the constant rival and often the enemy of France, the records of the courts which take cognizance of such offences against duty, honor, and even common honesty, will bear ample but humiliating testimony.
They were required to kneel in his presence, and their decree was taken from the record and torn in pieces before their eyes, and the leading members were suspended and banished.
We once heard an intelligent man somewhat conversant with political affairs, assert in a public lecture, that there was one case of extravagant speculation and consequent revulsion on record, not connected with this principle of expansion, viz, the case of the " South Sea bubble " in 1722: if that
majority of whom are from the South, recommend two additions to the fugitive slave bill now before Congress; according to the first, " the owner of a fugitive from service or labor 22* // is, when practicable, to carry with him to the State in which the person is found a record, from a competent tribunal, adjudicating the facts of elopement and slavery, with a general description of the fugitive.
The Gracchi, Agis, Cleomenes, and others of Plutarch's heroes, do not in the record of facts equal their own fame.
Bond, the register of the family contains this record: " Henry Bright, Sen., in the town record sometimes called Old Bright, ' died in Watertown, Sept. 14, 1674, above a hundred years old, ' according to the town records, and one hundred and nine years old, according to the county records.
hurried travel, to the record before him; varying this employment with speeches without number, delivered in all possible attitudes to imaginary audiences of every temper, complexion and constitution.
He, however, made his speech, addressing it particularly to one or two persons who were near, knowing that they would put the substance of it on record, and thus make it known to all mankind.
Suffice it, that the villain has escaped, for you know that I was unfortunately absent during the whole of these transactions, but while he exists, the fires of hell could not burn out the record of his guilt.
Where the relationship of blood has ceased, do we cease to acknowledge that general bond which unites all men of every nation?
-- He would have known their relationship to Coquese at once, from their resemblance to her, had she not before told him of them.
Whatever he found was in the wrong place -- all relationship was confounded.
It was not until the health of Armstrong seemed completely restored that his brother, in the presence of his son and of Faith, disclosed his relationship.
but she did not arrogantly assume her right to what she had received, or, presuming upon the dignity of her relationship, propose to make immediate application for that support which he was so well able to afford: this would have been the first thought of an ordinary or a selfish mind.
The following day I related to Jane the incidents of the evening: how Mr. Widdleton had mended a tub, and his wife had darned and mended; in fact, whatever had been done or said that could interest her, not omitting the conversation about Edward and Delia -- for I was determined to find out something in reference to the affair, as I persuaded myself I had a perfect right to do, considering our relationship; and Delia's pale face haunted me; her supplicating appeal for permission to remain at home I felt assured was not on my account; I saw pots of her flowers standing about, dying from neglect, and I could not help thinking her thoughts had been otherwhere
I could plead none of the rights of relationship; yet I enjoyed the privileges of a son.
The same fashion has represented the kingdom of grace alone, as connected wiHi the atonement of Jesus Christ; supposing the kingdom of nature and the kingdom of providence to sustain no relationship to his mediation.
Hear me through, Cousin Arthur -- almost improper, I said, but now I think otherwise; and I acknowledge the question to be both reasonable and proper, and I freely concede, that, as a member of the family -- as a dear friend -- to say nothing of our relationship as cousins -- or as brother and sister by adoption	252:264	0:315	 Hear me through , Cousin Arthur -- almost improper , I said , but now I think otherwise ; and I acknowledge the question to be both reasonable and proper , and I freely concede , that , as a member of the family -- as a dear friend -- to say nothing of our relationship as cousins -- or as brother and sister by adoption
because the impress of relationship -- the hand of nature, never yet operated upon the countenance of man, and never will, with aught of that terrible distinctness, with which political convulsion chissels out the head and the face of her chosen ones.
Well, if a hog is an animal, I am willing to allow the relationship; for in the course of my experience, which is not small, I have met with men that you might have mistaken for hogs, in everything but the bristles, the snout, and the tail.	57:69	0:242	 Well , if a hog is an animal , I am willing to allow the relationship ; for in the course of my experience , which is not small , I have met with men that you might have mistaken for hogs , in everything but the bristles , the snout , and the tail .
Nothing has been left undone to cripple their intellects, darken their minds, debase their moral nature, obliterate all traces of their relationship to mankind;
Yes, Edith -- Edith Colleton, Lucy, is the name of my cousin, and the relationship will soon be something closer between us.
whom and herself some relationship was claimed, and work silently with Obed in his herb-beds, despite the most urgent solicitations of Margaret; she resorted alone to the thickest parts of the forest; and sometimes she would break away from Margaret when they were on the Pond together, take the canoe and wander alone over the deep dark waters, or spend hours by herself on a solitary island.
Mr. Sansoucy inwardly reflected that any respectable scare-crow in a cornfield would indignantly have repelled the idea of relationship to Charley.
But, in truth, I had no reason to believe that (with the exception of the matter of relationship, and in the case of Wilson himself), this similarity had ever been made a subject of comment, or even observed at all by our schoolfellows.
But your service to me, and your Carolina birth, deserves that I should be more free in my disclosures; and to account for the sullenness of my temper, which you may regard as something inconsistent with our relationship, let me say, that whatever my prospects might have been, and whatever my history may be, I am at this moment altogether indifferent as to the course which I shall pursue.
epochs, the broad hand of an overruling Providence is to be- discovered, fashioning and framing each class of created forms, irrespective of external physical forces or agents, and giving birth spontaneously to unconnected tribes of animals and plants, which bear no sort of relationship to one another, and are not parts of one common plan in which there is a unity of design?
Be this, however, as it may, the officers, whether of the Union or the States, represent, in philosophical truth of relationship, just those for whom they act.
But, once more, I remark, that there are those who may say, " We do not ask for any permanence in the conditions of life; we do not ask that even its dearest relationships should be retained; but give, O!
Is there a sane man from Maine to San Francisco; is there a lover of the Constitution of the United States; is there one who has any stake in the country, who has any thing to lose by the disturbance of those happy relationships which now subsist between the different States; is there one who reveres the wisdom and goodness of our fathers, the wise and patriotic framers of our system of Government-is there, in short, any good citizen who, in this crisis1 will refuse to vote for JAMES BUCHANAN and JOHN C. BRECKENRIDGE?
In all these relationships his admirable manners, weight of character, and unsullied reputation gave him great influence with all parties.
The collection of them, by different observers, seems sufficiently abundant, and strictly harmonizes with itself, yet never brings us into intimate relationship with the hero, nor makes us feel the warmth and the human throb of his heart.
I told all about it, as I thought, but left room for a dozen questions at least, as to her relationship -- whether by father or mother's side -- her age when the picture was taken, &c.; &c.; &c.; and Mr. Whicher's concluding remark, as he doubled up to sit down, was -- " Well!
Inasmuch as traits of consanguinity between different men may be discerned in their moral and intellectual resemblance, when their features and complexion would never betray the fact, so to discern the affinities of plants and animals, we must often go beneath the surface, // and find, in more important parts of their structure, marks of relationship of
respect of painful surrender, between his giving up another, more distantly, as it were, connected with him, and his giving up one who stood to him in such close and affecting relationship.
For it makes all members of one family, and binds them to the acts and affections which grow out of that common and intimate relationship.
There is a close, a vital connection; the perception that the child had divine relationships was one form of the new consciousness of the worth and dignity of man; the sense of the child's need was a part of that new cry for the rights of man.
The Seminoles and Creeks, therefore, having a common origin and relationship, it was natural they should unite for mutual support and assistance against any European enemy.
I know not whether it was from an impulse of humanity infused into his breast by his warm hearted wife, of whom he was excessively fond, or from a a coarser motive of gain, or from the two feelings combined, that Captain Galley upon learning in what relationship Isabel stood to the rich Governor of Pensacola, began to express his regrets that that port was so very far out of his way; hinting that, if it were the Havanna, from which, he said, having a fair wind, we were scarce distant twenty-four hours ' sail, he would not hesitate to carry her thither to her friends, without asking of them any thing further in recompense than the payment of his expenses.
I believe it would be more rational to wish that the world would suffer me to act the fatherly or brotherly part, without the relationship.
The first few days after the return of the Pownals was spent by them in gathering up those threads of relationship by which people are connected with society.
Remembering old Moodie, and his relationship with Priscilla, I determined to seek an interview, for the purpose of ascertaining whether the knot of affairs was as inextricable on that side as I found it on all others.
Mrs. Clarence ' relationship with some of the most distinguished families in the city, was, at the dawn of her prosperity, remembered, and the cause became a topic in fashionable circles.
We follow some tiny thread a little way, and hold it secure, but it is connected with another ligament, and this branches out into a third; and instead of exhausting the matter, we find ourselves at the root of an infinite series, of an immense relationship, upon which we have only just opened; and
description, though they have no botanical relationship; though they are natives of different countries; and though some are deciduous, and others evergreens.
It seems that, notwithstanding William's negotiations with the pope to obtain a dispensation, the affair was not fully settled at Rome before the marriage; and very soon after the celebration of the nuptials, Mauger fulminated an edict of excommunication against both William and Matilda, for intermarrying within the degrees of relationship which the canons of the Church proscribed.
They had married, and in their new relationships lost sight of each other, until, by a mysterious Providence, they were now united.
Parson Bindwell placed himself along-side of her, and the several groups, according to relationship or intimacy, ranged themselves in near neighborhood.
His naturally florid Saxon complexion was browned by Indian suns and exposure to the hardships of the camp; his blue eye, which was of that peculiar triangular shape sometimes found in men of determined courage, expressed coolness, deliberation, and resolution; his mouth, the only feature that betrayed the relationship of father and daughter, was remarkably flexible, with a thin upper lip, which curved with an expression of hauteur, while it was closely pressed by the under, as if firmness predominated in his character.
The Mother and the Children have had conflicting interests from the earliest hour of this relationship, and it is their destiny, probably, that this rivalry shall endure to the end of their national existence.
Rebuke my impetuosity, if you like, but you can not wonder that I should be desirous of learning the name of one who appeared to stand toward you in such near and dear relationship. "
Emmy My heart needs no relationship to strengthen its love to you.
For while comparative philology is adequate to trace the relationship of languages, and thus to trace all languages to one primeval stock, or at least, when considered in connection with other criteria of the alliance of races, to demonstrate a community of origin for all, it does not " by ITSELF decide " that the entire human genus have descended from " a single pair, " inasmuch as a primeval tongue might have been communicated to any number of individuals as well as to two.
One good point is gained, viz, the mutuality, the reciprocal relationship of God; but with that everything necessary to the grandeur, the transcendent wonder, the immeasurable vastness of God, is lost or left behind.
He then argues that these facts " go far to prove " the doctrine of the relationship of all the individuals composing a species, and their consequent descent from a single progenitor, or from two, according as the sexes might be united or distinct.
Thirst belongs to humanity, everywhere, in all ages; but that white-pine pail, and that brown mug belong to me in particular; and just so of my special relationships with other things and with my rice.
in so extraordinary a manner brought us together and revealed the secret of our relationship, could not have done so only to let us perish in each other's arms on the broad deep; and her confidence restored me in part to mine.
not of relationship alone, but of affectionate and earnest solicitude.
Helen's recent arrival in London had prevented her from before learning ought of the infamy belonging to our hero's parentage; nor was she prepared by any previous knowledge of the circumstances, connected with Glenthorne's history, or his relationship to Clifton, to anticipate the disgrace thus reflected on the latter.
Harris's claims to relationship being in fact well founded, were easily admitted by Mr. Lewis.
The close relationship between light and music has been more or less dimly perceived by the human mind everywhere.
I think, " said she, " that the relationship existing between Harris and me, fully sanctions the intimacy of which you complain.
Langdale staid to dinner; he was every now and then, whatever was the topic of conversation, quoting Miss Atherton, or alluding to her beauty, and the prize he had found in her relationship.
These mechanics were called " uncles " by all the younger slaves, not because they really sustained that relationship to any, but according to plantation etiquette, as a mark of respect, due54 from the younger to the older slaves.
And is it possible -- can it be that there is any relationship between -- " " Yes; this
Appeal not to ties of relationship: we repudiate them, and pity is unknown among us. "
After her writings became known in Germany, it was supposed that the name implied a relationship to Carl Sand, the political enthusiast, and the assassin of Kotzebue- -- and she often received letters from persons in that country requesting an explanation of the affinity.
but no matter -- it has taught me that, now, when a few months will carry us both into the world, it is improper that our relationship should continue.
A species of king's evidence is permitted in some cases, and there are ten privileged classes who can not be tried and punished, without a special reference to the Emperor -- the exemption being based upon public station, or upon relationship to the imperial line.
If ever we venture on the testimony of such relationship between languages as giving proof of ancient kindred between nations, it must be when historical considerations render the conclusion in itself probable, or indicate that it affords the most natural explanation of the phenomena observed.
It is my wish that our relationship should remain a secret for the present. "
It is not to be wondered at, that, with such companionable qualities added to his claim of relationship, this agreeable young man should soon be permitted to enjoy much intimacy and favour with Harriet Lewis.
human being might be to her, and however decided her admiration for him, nothing would induce her to enter into the relationship of marriage with him, not only so long as he might be a man of the world -- a self-righteous man -- a careless unbeliever -- but so long as there was any great essential difference in their religious views; and on the whole, therefore, said she to Edith, as I do not believe in marriage, as a necessity -- nor even as a " consummation devoutly to be wished " or greatly desired; as I do not believe that the unmarried are obliged to be unhappy, while I know the married often are -- I have about made up my mind never to marry. '
, and that it is surrounded with special and peculiar privileges, opportunities, promises, and hopes, with regard to its being brought to repentance and saving faith in Christ; and by baptism it is initiated into special relationship to the people of God.
their relationship was discovered -- By a picture I suppose, or a mole or a scar -- Precisely -- What a pity there was no moral, Sir George.
She was a trembling, timid body, thin, pale, and emaciated, who appeared to have suffered much, and certainly stood in as much awe of the man whose name she bore as it was well fitting in such a relationship to permit.
I informed Mr. Fantish of our relationship --  " Which he knew already. "
I had begun to love man; and to feel toward woman what Jehovah meant we should feel, by establishing a mutual dependence and a holy relationship forever and ever between us.
Strange words these, when you remember that Reginald is yet ignorant of the relationship of this poor peasant maid to a wealthy planter, unconscious of the dear tie which binds her to the heart of Martin Landsdowne.
dignity of person, relationship to the offender, worth of character, voluntary substitution, and appointment by the authority of the government.
My object is rather to let you know that any further attempt to arraign me before the court will lead at once to a public declaration of the fact that your are my brother, a relationship which necessity alone will compel me to publish to the people of Sierra Leone.
foul conspiracy against their lives and properties, had been the welcome partakers of their bounty, many of them the confidants of their secrets, and some of them bound to their affections by the closest ties of relationship or marriage.
Her birth-place, her home, her connections, all were relinquished for the privileges of her new relationship and adopted country, although to her eye nothing was presented but poverty and want.
The instant that he reaches out beyond his earthly relationships, he finds himself caught into those which connect him with the noral administration of God.
But I identify it with the sum of my sensible experience, or with the total contents of my senses, and hence know myself as organically defined only by my various relationship to the universe of natj * re.
However, notwithstanding the relationship I spoke of between the witness and the accused, " he
The connection of the native American races, with those of the rest of the world, and their relationship to each other, if ever to be made out, must be ascertained by careful study of the usages, civil and religious, and the language of each tribe.
We are proud of our relationship to such men.
The radical difference indeed of this mental refinement from genuine religion, in spite of its seeming relationship, is the very cardinal point on which my present discussion turns; yet, on the other hand, such refinement may readily be assigned to a Christian origin by hasty or distant observers, or by those who view it in a particular light.
I informed Mr. Fantish, " he said, calmly, " that I had called in right of my relationship, and in further right of my charge from your father, to say that the continuance of the jest in relation to yourself, Silvia, would make it necessary for you to abandon the city. "
Yet now, so far had the work of ruin gone on in the minds of these young girls, that they not only had forgotten many of their early friends and associates, but, strange to say, they had forgotten the relationship between themselves.
Where A owes B, and B owes C, and C owes A, it is evident that all that is wanted to effect a satisfactory adjustment, is, a knowledge of the relationship of the parties to one another: and without
You do not wish me to go into particulars nor to give reasons; but as our friend Mr. Fay has not called for two or three weeks, and may be comparatively a stranger to us hereafter -- though not for a long time, we hope -- and you are constantly meeting him, as you say, it seems to be but fair that you should be advised to treat him, always, and everywhere, and under all circumstances, just as if nothing had happened here to change the relationship we have always found so pleasant and so profitable.
Maria grasped her hand; she looked in her countenance and saw that her heart was full, and she could not resolve to increase its sorrow by disclaiming that tender relationship she had hitherto conceived herself to bear to the affectionate guardian and cherisher of her childhood. "
Among the squaws is No-Nos-See, the She Wolf, a niece of the famous Black Hawk, and very proud of the relationship; and Do-HumMe, the Productive Pumpkin, a very handsome woman, with a great deal of heart and happiness in her countenance. "
It involves no impropriety; it stands in the way of no other duty, since, I trust, the relationship between us is as binding as any other which may call for your regard.
They shall neither blush for nor lose by their relationship with Edward Clifford. "
those around him, however qualified they might seem, by age, station, or relationship, to guide his conduct.
How far the kindly feelings of relationship, or how far the influence of his daughter's growing beauty, had contributed to secure him the benevolence of this friend
think -- but after an endless voyage, over the lonely and unfrequented solitudes of the ocean, every animate and inanimate thing is pleasant; every thing that reminds you of your relationship to other human beings.
Charles Bramble still hesitated as to revealing his relationship to Captain Robert Bramble, from real feelings of delicacy, even to Mrs. Huntington, whom he felt he could trust, partly because he had reason to know that the mother had favored the suit of his brother whom Helen had rejected in India, and partly because at present of his own equivocal situation.
from a small child, are not my father and mother by relationship, and I am sorry to say they are not more so by their treatment -- often, too often, have they made me to feel that I am the child of other parents. "
if I ask if the relationship was sacredly regarded by you? "
It is true that a few Canarian families boast of their relationship to the last shepherd-king of Guimar, but these pretensions do not rest on very solid foundations, and are only renewed from time to time when some Canarian of more dusky hue than his countrymen is prompted to solicit a commission in the service of the king of Spain.
I did not, indeed, know of our relationship till the night of his death; when he revealed to me his name; how he had been picked up at sea
mournful, and not without tenderness, of the intimate and peculiar relationship between Beatrice and himself.
He had just formed a new and responsible relationship in life; and when he heard from Vernon that there was no doubt that he should be hurried off that very evening on his way to prison, and that any attempt to rescue him, to be successful, must be made that very night,
Thus war and wo have been multiplied; thus the estrangement between nations has widened so that long ages will // hardly close the gap; arid thus the spirit of implacable enmity has been fostered, until it has become almost a matter for the sternest moral courage to assert the original relationship of men, to proclaim the duty of mutual respect, or to insist upon the supreme obligation of cherishing peace.
Am I to understand that such was the relationship you assumed in your wild journey, on which both Mars and Venus appear to have smiled? "
Mourad Ha, ha, poor Alcouz, it goes hard with you since you would pull your head out of the noose, even at the risk of choking yourself.
Hunger tempted him to run the risk of exposure.
In a minute we were joined by her husband, who grasped my hand with warm feeling, or rather with the emotion one ought to feel who had witnessed the risk he had just run of losing an angel.
But, with blindfold eyes, To seal conspiracy, pass desperate pledge With a mere stranger, sooth to say, whose name Bore not its old repute, whose fortunes seemed Given o'er to ruin, had not less been frenzy Than risk, for nought, my life on raging seas, Or, for the fallen, leap a precipice.
There never were more peaceful places than our citizen armories, where our citizen soldiers assemble to carry on the picturesque part of war, without risk or peril.
At the risk of repeating what may be already quite familiar, we will give another example, which is equalled, we think, by few // in the whole compass of English poetry.
Now Jan, although he ought to have known of the risk he was at of certain punishment for his crime, for had he tasked his memory he would have recollected how Hendrick Jansen, in the days of Wouter Van Twiller, was sentenced for scandalizing the governor to a heavy penalty, namely, to ride with face to the tail, behind the town crier, on a jackass through the principal streets, the libeller having a bridle in his mouth, a bunch of rods under his arm, and an appropriate label on his breast, and acknowledge that he lied falsely " dat de exegellenge did niet wears rood broeks nor was grate mit hish plack frouw. "
The risk of detention in such a region can be understood by all; but few, perhaps, will appreciate the feeling of mingled passion and regret with which the leading vessel in such a mission as we had in hand found herself obliged to wait to close her consort, when all was water ahead, and the chances of it remaining so were but slight.
' No, no, Neshobee, it is impossible, ' replied Alma, after reflecting a moment on the proposal of her friend, who had run such risks to rescue her.
the risk, while those to whom he is indebted, may feel the same doubts of him, have the same difficulty of transfer, and be also in their turn exposed to the same troubles in their transactions with others.
Sometimes a bear would come in sight, and then his risk of being shot was not small, for twenty keen hands were out after the skin: it had been promised as a gage d'amour by one to his betrothed; to a sister by another; a third intended to open the purse-strings of a hard-hearted parent by such a proof of regard; and not a few were to go to the First Lord with it, in exchange for a piece of parchment, if he would not object to the
not exalt the human mind by recalling the names of Lord Bacon and of Robert Hall, but at the risk of hearing bribery laid at the door of the one, and opiumeating at that of the other.
Besides, if we keep the look-out to-morrow, as we shall, we can settle the business without any such risk. "
I know there is; and the risk increases with every moment of delay.
When once properly cured, they can be kept in a dry place for two or three years without any risk; but they should be examined once in every few months, say four times a year, to see if any dampness is likely to affect them. "
It will go bard with Mr. Fidler, if be do not attain the same eminence in physiology with the prettiest piece of flesh in Messina; ' and we think that, at all events, be runs no risk of not being written down, in the way that seems to have been considered most desirable by that celebrated guardian of the night.
Stand aside, -- I will take the risk.
Thirdly, as a matter of expediency, it is better to avail one's self of a favorable wind and general convoy to fame, than run the risk of being becalmed, and perhaps devoured, on some private and unknown route.
If you know when you are well off, said the boy -- make her go -- you may both stay, you and Elizabeth too, without half the risk; but as for aunt Rachel, why as sure as you're a breathin ' the breath o ' life now, if you don't get her away, they'll have her up with a short turn; and if you know'd all, you'd say so -- I said ' t was you when I fuss come, for I didn't like to frighten her -- but the fact is you are only one out o
Even when this risk had been taken, and the dangers incurred, he had either forborne that search after his superior, or had so pursued it, as to render his efforts almost ineffectual.
If there be the remotest possibility of it,  continued Georgiana, " let the attempt be made at whatever risk.
But by placing this point of divergence too early, though you may not, indeed, disqualify the student for success in any one profession or calling, you incur the risk of sending him forth into life with a disproportioned, one-sided, defective education.
not to have it at all, or even to have run any considerable risk of failing to receive it.
Adelaide Myself -- We are in a situation to run all risks.
articles for the blockaded place were only transferred to a port communicating with it by railroad, if a small charge for freight and none for risk were all the results of the presence of a hostile fleet.
The long, lonely rambles in the woods, by night as well as day, were commented on, justly, but in an indulgent spirit; and the risks of a young and unsuspecting maiden, under such circumstances, were shown with sufficient distinctness for the comprehension of the mother, had she been disposed to hear.
Can no way be devised by which the professors of this faith shall be banished, for instance, the realm, and no new teachers of it permitted to enter it afterward but at the risk of life, or some other appointed penalty?
tear away the walls at random, at the risk of bringing all down about your ears? "
After several ineffectual efforts, made during the lurches of the ship, and at the imminent risk of swamping the boat, I was finally disengaged from my perilous situation and taken on board -- for the body proved to be my own.
Knowledge is power, not only, but powder, putting the South in the risk of being blown up,
To strike the enemy without risk to his own person, and to Injure him in every possible manner, is the main object.
You will see these persons round the stores, looking for bits of paper, and silk, and calico, that are swept out by the clerks, upon the pavement; you will see them watching round provision shops, for decayed vegetables, and fruits, and rinds of melons, which they sell to keepers of pigs; you will see them picking up peach stones to sell to confectioners, who crack them and use the kernels; you will see them round old buildings, carrying off, at the risk of cracked heads, pieces of decayed timber, and old nails; you will see them round new buildings, when the workmen are gone to meals, scampering off with boards, shingles, and bits of scaffolding.
I shall endure the risk whatever it be.... shall I proceed?
The Captain saw that he was running a great risk in standing on, for if he was brought to his vessel might be seized for infringing the blockade; as he knew the Brazilians would advance any pretext for the purpose of getting possession of his vessel and cargo.
I tell thee, Quevedo, that but for the duty which I owe my sovereign, which forbids that I should expose his subjects to unnecessary risk of life, it were my pleasure to set this traitor free, to bid him bring on his hireling soldiers, and, foot to foot and face to face, challenge him to make good against me in mortal strife, the skill and prowess which it is the boast of his followers are so much beyond the possession of all other Spanish cavaliers. "
Hester Prynne, nevertheless, the lonely mother of this one child, ran little risk of erring on the side of undue severity.
Nay, be it as it may, I have stood some risks before, and I will bide the blast even now!
I have obtained it for thee at the risk of life and limb, valuing neither, so that I might do thee a service, and save what I know thou wilt be proud to preserve in remembrance of this day. "
The frank and urbane manners of the governor led to ease and cheerful chat, as was customary wherever he came; and a colloquy ensued, of which we will endeavour to give the reader a part, at the risk of holding him too long from the stirring incidents of our story.
It is to save bloodshed, and you all from a horrible fate, that I have ventured hither at the risk of my life.
They hemmed and hawed awhile -- muttered together as if in consultation -- spoke aloud of their duties and the great risk and responsibility, and, from their delay and reluctance, were rousing up the choler of the irritable Alabamian to a new outbreak of ferocious friendship, when Saxon, to whom they looked entirely for their cue, quietly remarked -- " It appears to me that the officers can not refuse so reasonable an arrangement.
Stiff breeze -- short sea, " returned the bluff old seaman; " great risk in making land -- boats heavily laden with women and children will be swamped.
To effect it, only two ways offer -- we must learn from their deserters, or else run the painful risk of sending ourselves an emissary.
Then I can not buy it, and run the dreadful risk of its being Miss Liston, the grocer's daughter, and not Miss Liston of the Fifth Avenue.
Sirs, ye have prudence, and can well deem how rash these light, ill judged sayings, come from the mouths of mariners -- men whose lives are of the sea -- whose very breath is at the risk of storm and steel -- and ye know we can not have more caution than is wanted -- for who marks what ear listens?
Am I obliged to prove juridically the virtues of all those I shall see suffering every kind of wrong, and contumely, and risk of life, before I endeavor to interest others in their sufferings, -- and before I endeavor to excite horror against midnight assassins at back-stairs, and their more wicked abettors in pulpits?
There was a risk of centralization, and of an entail of offices and privileges in our national government.
We do this, as we are aware, at some risk of repeating what may have been already more forcibly expressed-possibly at some risk of a seeming discrepancy among the collaborators in the New Englander.
Their orders were, at all and every risk, to gain permission to consign the corpse of their late king and founder to the earth, previously denied to him.
By these institutions the earnings of the poor are saved from the extreme risk of being squandered in excess, as soon as realized.
She can not extend her territory without the risk of weakening it.
he found that his frightful passenger had vanished, when or how he knew not, but then and there he drew up his horse, and vowed never to take another cholera subject to the grave-yard, and so run the risk of having the ghost ride home with him; and he kept his vow.
Nor did the risk of injury to the mantle further engage her thoughts, but, passively yielding to the little conqueror, she resumed her seat, and continued the scarcely interrupted strain of her discourse upon the music, dresses, and decorations of the evening's entertainment.
Of Dr Miner, we declare, even at the risk of arguing ourselves unknown, that we know nothing except his book, nor ever saw his name but on its pages.
No risk is run in making this advance, " for it is known that the product of the labor, which ach individual will perform by ATTRACTION or PLEASURE, will exceed in amount the advances made to him; and that the Association, on balancing its accounts at the yearly settlement, will be debtor to the members to whom it made the advance of a MINIMUM.
The cavaliers replied that there was no achievement without risk, and that there would have been no great actions recorded in history had there not been daring spirits ready to peril life to gain renown.
We shall be off by to-morrow night, no doubt of it, -- if we don't chance to get cooked and eaten before that time, -- some little risk of that.
Have I not encountered as many risks, and endured as many knocks?
The process here described may be very slow in some countries; but in those which, like the United States, have once been familiar with a convertible paper currency, and by that familiarity have been taught to know all its convenience, and to disregard its risks, the paper of private bankers would obtain circulation immediately, if our banking corporations were abolished.
Francis also considered that there would be less risk of the grave being discovered, and suspicion thereby excited towards the awful catastrophe which had taken place, if the corpse should be elsewhere deposited.
The risk is large; if he were but a private citizen, now-but the lieutenant-governor!
make any defence, and surrendered sooner than run the risk of being killed.
It is uncertain how long this affair remained undecided; but a Portuguese Jesuit having warned Vieira that at home he ran the risk of being punished by confiscation of his property, for obtaining a bull without the consent of the civil power, he prolonged his residence at Rome to six years, that the affair might have time to be forgotten at Lisbon.
risk -- I am prepared for every sacrifice -- I will save him at all hazards from his doom, upon one condition! "
Micer, should the castillanos -- seven hundred and fifty -- " " Fear thou nothing, " replied the astrologer, interrupting him, " thy money is safe to thee, and at profitable risk.
described our first meeting with her and her tribe, and something of their manners and customs, and recalled to mind how she had, at the risk of her life, appeared to warn the emigrants, on that memorable night before they crossed the Rocky Mountains.
In exchange for the risk of building up a feeble republic in Greece, the leading powers think it wise to recall into being, that power which once threw its legions within the walls of Otranto and knocked at the gates of Vienna.
He discovered that the whole work was a stout and courageous assault upon romping grandmothers and flirtation; a warning to such as run the risk of grandchildren without leave, a severe side-wind attack upon the profligacy of high life, hypocrisy, concealment, paint, patches, and coquetry with boys -- in old age; and best of all, he discovered a defence of the church in it -- A defence of the church!
So must it be; and yet, there is a tale That they do wed these creatures; which have power, So to convert their nature, that they make, As to themselves, the sea their element; And have a life renew'd, though at the risk And grievous peril of their Christian souls, Doom'd thence unto perdition.
She even stood at her window and watched to see him led forth to execution, when she waved to him a parting token, and then awaited calmly the return of the cart with Guilford's headless body; for, though it had been at first intended that both should suffer together on one scaffold on Tower Hill, it was deemed prudent to avoid the risk of stimulating the compassion of the people for their innocence, and youth, and beauty, into fury for their unmerited judicial murder, and it was resolved that they should suffer singly within the precinets of that bloody building.
You would stifle the thought, immediately, at the risk of suffocation; for in her sober senses, any rational woman would do this, as a matter of religious duty.
If his purpose had been to save, his effort should have been sooner made, and then it might have been effected without the more serious risk which now threatened himself, in the probable diminution of his authority.
It was a rash and bloody deed, and I would we had made sure of your man before blindly rushing into these unnecessary risks.	120:125	0:126	 It was a rash and bloody deed , and I would we had made sure of your man before blindly rushing into these unnecessary risks .
How could I suffer myself to be enticed to break my promise, even at the risk of never being received into her favour again if I attended the gaming table.
And her threats they had learned to know generally meant something; though it very often happened that, in the dispensation of most needed justice, Uncle Jack, if in an extra good humor, would rush between the culprit and his mistress, and bear him off in triumph, at the risk of most serious consequences to himself afterwards.
I 'm not certain of the risk,  said Elwood, but in a tone that began to
In regard to the others, there is always more or less risk
I was willing to encounter some risks in order to accomplish my object, and counted much upon my
As I take ingratitude to be a greater crime than impertinence, I choose rather to run the risk of being thought guilty of the latter, than not to return you my thanks for a very agreeable entertainment you just now gave me.
If, through any form of patronage, or by the help of their own little savings, they can establish their sons within the outposts of the mercantile profession, they prefer for them the vague and doubtful prospect of success, and the imminent risk of utter failure, to the certainty of an honorable subsistence by the labor of their own bands.
With two swordsmen nearly equal, and such it was manifest were these, the risk is so great
C You'd better make sure of half a dollar than run the risk of losing every thing on such a poor ticket as that. "
My dear madam, you run the risk of being burned for a witch! "
We shall protect ourselves then, by enlarging the premium or profit, a rate of interest, till it weigh down the risk.
In consequence of this, the last hours of daily labor are more likely to be those of risk, especially to delicate constitutions.
Though now advanced in years, with a large family, one of whom was the commander of Her Majesty's brig the " Sophia, " then in company, still he spoke with enthusiasm of the excitement and risks of his own profession; it had its charms for the old sailor, whose skill and enterprise had been excited for so many years in braving the dangers of ice-encumbered seas, whether around Spitzbergen or in Baffin's Bay: he evidently felt a pride and satisfaction in his past career, and it had still sweet reminiscences for him.
which, the government runs the fearful risk of war, and the still more fearful one of alienating from itself the attachment of a large portion of its citizens?
personages; while he who is a stranger to Phrenology runs a continual risk of falling into the grossest inconsistencies.
If a stronger man than myself attempts to force six-pence from me, would I not be foolish, if I were to grapple and fight with him, at the risk of my life, in order to save it?
And, in truth, although there were five hundred at the smallest computation in full view, within a couple of miles, on the open champaign, there was no real risk in what he did.
When that record shall be made up, the mining mania of the nineteenth century will be the appropriate successor of the South Sea and Mississippi delusions; and we may draw from all // one inference, that nations, like individuals, will, when tempted, prefer lottery risks to wholesome industry, and that ruin and disgrace are marked on the tickets which fall from the pernicious wheels of chance.
He who sends his capital to the East Indies, and receives in return a cargo of teas, must charge interest and risk, for the whole time consumed, from the day that he parts with his
Those who have debts due to them can, on the faith of these debts, obtain credit; and some, /q/ who have neither money, goods, nor debts, occasionally obtain it, if they have any reasonable expectation of acquiring the means of payment in a short time; some additional profit to the creditor, in such cases, compensating his risk of loss.
not as pure as paradise before it was profaned by sin, and they were ready to take the risk of its evils, when no longer able to bear the hardships of their own.
King and my own, but that now I am come hither to enter into my rest and to serve our Lord, so monstrous and insolent an abomination should break forth in my presence and your own, when I well know what toils and grief I have endured on this account in Germany, to the not small risk of my salvation.
But whether I shall invest my funds in a carriage, horse, and a stock of wooden clocks and tin ware for the western states and territories, and so travel by land; or whether I shall build a vessel, load her, and navigate her round Cape Horn to trade with the savages and cannibals of the South Sea Islands; then cross the Pacific to China, and return by the Cape of Good Hope, I have not yet determined. "
The subtle savage is about to gird thee in. "
There is no blue in the transparent softness of the noonday sky -- there is no living green in the fresh sward of the luxuriant earth -- the songs of the one, and the mellow voices of the other, receive their savage or sad tones wholly from the desolate or depraved soul which speaks in the bosom of the fated actor.
Europe, hunted out of Europe, and cast away upon the shores of America, set up a new war of persecution here -- even here -- in the untrodden -- almost unapproachable domain of the Great Spirit of the Universe; pursued their brethren to death, scourged, fined, imprisoned, banished, mutilated, and where nothing else would do, hung up their bodies between heaven and earth for the good of their souls; drove mother after mother, and babe after babe, into the woods for not believing as their church taught; made war upon the lords of the soil, the savages who had been their stay and support while they were strangers, and sick and poor, and ready to perish, and whom it was therefore a duty for them -- after they had recovered their strength -- to make happy with the edge of the sword; such war as the savages would make upon the wild beast-way-laying them by night, and shooting them to death, as they lie asleep with their young,
Girty now conducted the old man to the lines; and having cautioned the savages, in a loud voice, to beware of taking his life, gave the signal for him to start.
Savages, like Swedenborg, say that their souls are traveling when they dream.
, God himself only knows where, to be butchered and rent by the damnable invention of savages.
It is but a few years since our soil was burdened with impenetrable forests; it is but a short time since the savage wandered in their dusky shades, and with his yells disturbed the cottages of the intrepid settlers.
More than ten hours were passed in this agonizing state of suspense, watching the horizon to discover if any savages were approaching, - the heavens, if there were a cloud that might chance to ruffle the smooth surface of the water, - the vessel, whose occasional cracking seemed to warn us of destruction; and, when the tide began to flow, impatiently observing its apparently sluggish advance, while I involuntarily consulted my watch, the hands of which seemed to have forgotten to move.
He never knew his father; and he was dropped by his mother, as he said, in the heart of the wilderness, like the young of the wild-beast; but he escaped the bear and the wolf, and the snake, and was bred a savage, among savages, who while he was yet a child, put him upon the track of his unnatural mother, and bid him pursue her.
He was an old woodsman, and gave me proper directions about hobbling my horse at night, and imparted other precautions necessary to secure a man's life against wild animals and savages.
Why a veteran officer, pent up in a little fort, and hourly expecting to be beleaguered by a vastly superior force, consisting in great part of bloodthirsty savages, should at that particular time desire or permit a visit from his two daughters, is a question not easy to answer.
We thus see, that this singular custom has its foundation in purposes of utility, and accomplishos * // ends, which other savages attain in a much ruder and ipors imperfect manner.
The sufferings of the people, made houseless and homeless by the savages in revenge for this onslaught, prompted them to blame Kieft for the act; and he, in his turn, after making an humble and public profession of penitence, strove to make those who had instigated him take a share of the odium.
When the morning broke, their horses had disappeared, and on examining the trail where they went, they discovered they had been led away in Indian file, having been stolen by savages.
And what is superior cunning among savages but superior sense?
returned the savage, with another fiendish laugh, roughly grasping an arm of the maiden, and raising her to an upright posture. "
Among the whites he came and went as he chose, and also among the savages, who respected him as a " great medicine " and prophet -- to injure whom would be to offend the Great Spirit.
of the point, the active savages were already dashing into the water, and we all feared that within five minutes ' time we should have a score of the infuriated wretches around us.
The war-cry of the savage was echoed from shore to shore of the beautiful Ohio, whose waters were but too often reddened with the blood of women and children.
And in the hearts of our cities swollen with prosperity, within sound of our boasts of progress and songs of happiness, exists a people more brutal than the savages whom Givilization has never approached.
Not wedded,  replied the dark savage sullenly. "
holy subsitute for law and right, Guard to the weak, and to the savage, light!
But he sent to request two of his prisoners from Satouriova, which were denied him; the old savage properly saying that he
When did the hope of plunder fail to secure the savage? "
Thereat one of the savages cries out: " Yes!
This warlike personage, upon entering the house, seated himself at some distance from the spot where Toby and myself reposed, while the rest of the savages looked alternately from us to him, as if in expectation of something they were disappointed in not perceiving.
From these I was delivered only to be thrown into the midst of savages, to wage an endless and hopeless war with adepts in killing; with appetites that longed to feast upon my bowels and to quaff my heart's blood.
Tattooing is part of the genius of those charming people, savages to some degree.
That having placed these in a canoe, they laid her in it also, and paddled across the river -- where they were met by another party of savages, about fifty in number, as she supposed, and while they were busily engaged in dividing the spoil, a gigantic man, with a face flaming like fire, and a sword as long as a fishing pole, had suddenly fallen upon the murderers, and quickly put them to flight, or the sword.
a gigantic savage, who all athirst for vengeance and for blood, brandished his ponderous war-club round his head in the very act to smite, while hampered by their numerous foemen, neither Hernando nor the page could possibly assist her at this fearful crisis.
A citizen, who entered this port, which is now cut by a thousand keels, in a log canoe, towed by the wild savage, and organized the first Sabbath-school, is still numbered in the ranks of Sabbath-school teachers, and yet is but in the meridian of life.
Your chiefest danger will be at the moment when the savages find out that they have been deceived.	54:61	0:100	 Your chiefest danger will be at the moment when the savages find out that they have been deceived .
I instantly discovered that I held in my hand the fusil which I had left with you on parting, with which your uncle had equipped himself, and which had been ravished from him by a savage.
The ears of Waqua are open,  said the savage. "
then very rare among the savages, and but one of them was armed with bow and arrows.
Let him exchange weapons with the savage, and he will still obtain the victory. "
It resembles nothing we ever read of, but the barbarities of the savages in their incursions into the frontier settlements of the United States
All the kind attentions which could suggest themselves to the mind of a savage, were paid by her Indian mother.
the capabilities, and apply the most legitimate and powerful impulse to the industry of a country, the inhabitants of which were clothed in fabrics of indigenous cotton, as long ago as when England, not yet invaded by Caesar, was inhabited by savages who wore no clothing but the skins of beasts.
Let me here give another brief tale of the power exerted by the white man over the savage in a
It was therefore determined to establish certain trading houses in the country, to be called Factories, at which the savages were to be supplied at cost and charges, and no more.
I had learned to throw the short lance, or the javelin of the savage, with a dexterity like his own; and, ere they could approach me, I had fatally struck with these darts two of their most valiant warriors.
Luckily, however, for our little band of heroes, the Indians had just discharged their rifles, and their own were loaded; by which means, when hard pressed, they turned and kept their foes at bay -- the savage, in all cases, being too cautious to rush upon a weapon so deadly, with only a tomahawk wherewith to defend himself.
in the cavalier, that he had a wonderful skill in winning the affections of the savages.
This policy was steadily pursued until the white inhabitants of Virginia became alarmed for their own safety, in view of the numerouA and formidable tribes of Indian savages which surrounded and threatened the feeble white settlements, while ship-loads of African savages were being daily landed in their midst.
left, and nearly opposite the poor fellow, I saw, for some time, an Indian who kept his eye on Turner, with an expression that looked like mischief; and then I saw the savage, as if by stealth, grasp his tomahawk and move round without any noise till he came up immediately behind us.
Scarcely were the words uttered, ere his warning was sadly fulfilled; for the two savages finding they were not pursued, and thirsting for revenge, turned and fired almost simultaneously, with aims so deadly, that one of the young men, by the name of Beecher, fell mortally wounded and expired a moment after; and another, by the name of Morris, had his wrist shattered by a ball.
home among the stars, pecking at the flag, and incommoding Tashtego there; this bird now chanced to intercept its broad fluttering wing between the hammer and the wood; and simultaneously feeling that etherial thrill, the submerged savage beneath, in his death-gasp, kept his hammer frozen there; and so the bird of heaven, with archangelic shrieks, and his imperial beak thrust upwards, and his whole captive form folded in the flag of Ahab, went down with his ship, which, like Satan, would not sink to hell till she had dragged a living part of heaven along with her, and helmeted herself with it.
But savages are strange beings; at times you do not know exactly how to take them.
One mingled look of apprehension and affection is exchanged, and, while the woods ring with the yells of the savages, Oronto and Lena plunge into the abyss in their white canoes.
This lady of the tribe wanted to borrow the sketches of the beach, with its lodges and wild groups, " to show to the savages " she said.
There are many communities, small and savage, an aggregation of families which live and hunt or fish together, in which government, under anyorganized form, can be hardly said to exist.
Europe, hunted out of Europe, and cast away upon the shores of America, set up a new war of persecution here -- even here -- in the untrodden -- almost unapproachable domain of the Great Spirit of the Universe; pursued their brethren to death, scourged, fined, imprisoned, banished, mutilated, and where nothing else would do, hung up their bodies between heaven and earth for the good of their souls; drove mother after mother, and babe after babe, into the woods for not believing as their church taught; made war upon the lords of the soil, the savages who had been their stay and support while they were strangers, and sick and poor, and ready to perish, and whom it was therefore a duty for them -- after they had recovered their strength -- to make happy with the edge of the sword; such war as the savages would make upon the wild beast-way-laying them by night, and shooting them to death, as they lie asleep with their young,
He was quickly followed and well sustained by the Bachelor in the centre, and Valdivia on the left, and so warm was their valour, that Zemaco, though a brave savage, was soon made to fly, leaving many of his warriors slain behind him.
The charger of this gallantly-attired chief was bedecked, like his rider, with all the martial trappings of the day; his bridle, mounted with bits of ponderous Spanish fabric, was covered with bosses gemmed with amber and unwrought coral; his housings, of variegated plaid, were elaborately fringed with embroideries of gold; and his rich scarlet poitrel was decked, in the true taste of the western savage, with tufts of human hair, every tuft indicating a warrior slain, and
The robust, healthy, intelligent, brave savage is found in the possession of a larger and more commodious wigwam, of a buffalo's skin more tastefully ornamented, of a finer horse, of a comelier squaw, and of superior influence, perhaps of a commanding lead in the tribe.
Then came the thundering tread of the horse, followed by his plunging form, his fire-breathing nostril, and the keen edge of that sword which it was the boast of the Spanish cavalier, could, with a single stroke of a good arm, sever the naked savage in twain.
There is scarcely any child so young, any peasant so ignorant, or any savage so brutal and wild, as not to be able to understand fully all the circumstances of the occasion, and to feel the whole force of the moral lesson which the story conveys.
None of her fears or dangers disturbed his repose, and when the morning light allowed her to gaze on his sweet face, tears of joy and thankfulness flowed fast down her cheeks, that she had been enabled thus to shield that dear, innocent one from the savages
Every just man will desire with our author the ultimate freedom of the African slave; but it is not for the savage to claim freedom of the civilized, not certainly for the civilized to grant it to the savage.
Here he beheld the wigwams of the renowned Massapequas, and finding them to be an indolent devil-may-care set of savages, forthwith took them under his kindly protection.
An awe that can not be named would steal over you as you sat by the side of this waning savage, and saw as strange things in his face,
The western pioneers feel their superiority too greatly to be accessible to such apprehensions, and Holden had been too long a hunter of savages, to dread either their cunning or their force.
Unfortunately, our new home was surrounded by these odious squatters, whom we found as ignorant as savages, without their courtesy and kindness.
Col. R. M. Johnson No; the savages are up -- each heart convulsed, is as a cauldron filled with boiled blood.
This they, too, now perceived; and, after some little effort of the officers, the troop was halted, rallied, and re-formed, with its front facing the low hills which held, as they supposed, the fierce and murderous savages.
Personal freedom may be lost in such a struggle, and the untutored savage may feel disposed to retain /z/ in servitude the captive whose life he has spared; but reasonable and generous men will exercise towards such prisoners no restraint beyond what is necessary for their own protection.
Surrounded by this dark cloud of savages, his fair countenance kindled by holy inspiration, he looked scarcely like a creature of earth.
when the ship was about half disembowelled, you should have stooped over the hatchway, and peered down upon him there; where, stripped to his woollen drawers, the tattooed savage was crawling about amid that dampness and slime, like a green spotted lizard at the bottom of a well.
Syllables and letters of the name of G3d have been so transposed in dif ferent ways; and so strange and gutteral has been, the Indian pronunciation, that it seems it took a long time to perceive that these savages were by tradition pronouncing the names of the God of Is rael.
He determined to use that treachery, which, by savages, is called stratagem, and, by civilized nations, policy in war.
Thus betrayed itself the simple vanity of the savage, who, with all his caution, was unwilling that his prowess should remain concealed; yet preferred its announcement from some tongue other than his own.
Will the grim savage of the nightly fold Learn from their cries the blameless flock to spare?
It is called the Green Corn Dance; or more properly speaking, the ceremony of thanksgiving for the first fruits of the earth " The question continually recurs, whence came things like these among the natives of our continent, or the American savages, unless these savages are the very tribes of Israel?
The leaves were unusually agitated; the dangerous rifle fell from its commanding elevation, and after a few moments of vain struggling, the form of the savage was seen swinging in the wind, while he still grasped a ragged and naked branch of the tree with hands clenched in desperation. "
who shall save my helpless children, from the fury of the British solider and the Indian savage!
As we came up all the savages, some six or eight in number, rose quickly and appeared much surprised at my appearing thus suddenly amongst their umber; but they offers d me no harm, and they behaved with most marked respect to my captor, whom, upon a close inspection, I recognized to be Black Hawk himself. "
The savage was already shaking off his apathy, scenting the carnage from afar, and making ready for the onset.
Rodolph, who had often, in the character of a prophet, by working on their superstition, restrained the ferocity of the savages in their wars, conceiving that he might possibly do some good by visiting them now in that capacity, hastened on before us, to their encampment.
they have delivered nearly or quite all their pieces; and if the savage be not fled in terror, they are at the mercy of his arrows.
The astonished savages rapidly gathered up their wounded companions and returned to the jungle once more.
with the magnanimous declaration that there is no disposition on the part of the people of the state of Illinois to injure these unfortunate, deluded savages, " if they will let us alone. "
Heyward felt the grasp of the other at his throat, and saw the grim smile the savage gave, under the revengeful hope that he hurried his enemy to a fate similar to his own, as he felt his body slowly yielding to a resistless power, and the young man experienced the passing agony of such a moment in all its horrors.
About the beginning of May, scouts brought in word that the tracks of the marauding savages tended toward Fort Duquesne, as if on the return.
She was more alarmed for him than for herself; she feared that he would be slain by the savage, giant chief; she knew how powerful he was, how unequal in strength Charles was to him.
It was well known that Colonel Benjamin Logan was then in the act of raising a large force in Lincoln county; and at the furthest would join them in twenty-four hours; which would render them safe in pursuing the savages; and for this purpose the more prudent, among whom was our old friend, Colonel Boone, advised their delay; stating, as a reason, that the Indians were known to outnumber them all, as three to one; and
, and whose soil was darkened by forests, that sheltered a race of vigorous, warlike, and independent savages.
is an autobio0raphy of a wild, unadulterated savage, gall yet fermenting in his veins, his heart still burning with the sense of wrong, the words of wrath and scorn yet scarce cold upon his lips, (If you xvish to fight us, come on, ') and his hands still reeking with recent slau *, hter.
In war with the aborigines, where no spoils were to be won, they obtained a superiority, not merely from civilized a'rts, but in those qualities which civilization is supposed to enfeeble, and for which the savage is most // distinguished.
But, at that moment, when he appeared most a stranger to the feelings of humanity, the purpose of the savage was arrested as suddenly as if a supernatural agency had interposed in the behalf of Uncas.
I am the more induced to impute to the savages the corruption of the air, so murderous in some of the Antilles, that all the islands found uninhabited were exceedingly wholesome.
They only received some scattering shots from the savages, which killed but one or two of their
The veteran trappers and voyageurs of Lisa's party shook their heads as their comrades set out, and took leave of them as of doomed men; and even Lisa himself gave it as his opinion, after the travellers had departed, they would never reach the shores of the Pacific, but would either perish with hunger in the wilderness, or be cut off by the savages.
I could not avoid thinking that I had fallen in with a greatly traduced people, and I moralized not a little upon the disadvantage of having a bad name, which in this instance had given a tribe of savages, who were as pacific as so many lambkins, the reputation of a confederacy of giant-killers.
They were at some distance above the sand-bar, however, and on the opposite side of the river, and saw, with intense anxiety, the number of savages continually augmenting, at the lower end of the channel, so that the boat would be exposed to a fearful attack before they could render it any assistance.
We have the savage before us in all the circumstances of his life-threading the primeval forests in a night of darkness and storm-sleeping alone by the great lake under the clear full moon, with no noise save the ceaseless stir of waters -- or musing among the falling leaves in the dreamy Indian summer.
The wain-scoted walls around him were hung with costly paintings, mingled, not untastefully, with Indian war clubs, shields, bows and arrows, and other trophies won from the savage.
His long finger made swift stabs here and there at the canvas.
Yet judge not harshly of mankind for this, It in the end gives justly; but Fame's crown Can ill requite a life of cankering care; Can ill requite the assassin's bloody stab; Or a long
despair by making them feel too deeply the poverty of the first attempt; how to take down the vanity of these, by making them see how frothy is all that fine writing, without giving a deadly stab to their natural and rightful self-appreciation, - is aL * ays a difficult problem, which it requires great delicacy and sympathy to solve in a satisfactory manner.
The stabs of scorn and contumely are given in the highest halls of liberty, but none can look upon the heart which bleeds or gangrenes as it repels them!
I don't deny that there was a pang in it, yes, a stab; but there was a prayer, too, - - the " Amen " belonged to that.
, nor tastes of food, Till from his cheerless solitude, The exulting voice of balmy spring, The sullen hermit forth shall bring; But can the soul, that slumbers never, Live on, when hope has fled for ever; -- When homage, royalty, and power Have pass'd, the pageant of an hour; -- Live on, through exile, want, and chains, When neither friend nor slave remains; -- Live on, the mark and theme of hate, To bide the smile of frowning fate, -- The single chance, -- not yet to fall, As vulgar souls resign their breath; -- And bear, with gloomy patience, all, One trophy to erect in death; One stab, with dying hand, to give, And know one foeman shall not live?
His glance seemed meant to penetrate the bosom of the youth with a mortal stab -- it was hate, rather than anger, that he looked.
was the imprudent reply of the maiden -- her anxiety for the justification of her lover, making her forgetful of the mortal stab which such a suggestion must give to the old gentleman
* * * * And yet, melancholy to relate, we find this avowed Christian, the author of New Themes, ' instead of sharing the indignation which we should suppose a Christian would feel at such an insult to Christians and such a stab to Christianity, we find him actually triumphing over the insulted clergy as follows
The man had fainted, but it was not ascertained whether the stab was mortal.
the rashness to bethink them of a tour among the North American Indians; and may perhaps serve to explain how it happens, that a country where men gouge, and stab, and shoot, and play the regulator, ' should have policed cities, and well dressed women, and halls, and assemblies, and operas.
An arrow shot from a ravine, a stab given in the dark, require no great valor, and are especially suited to the Indian genius; but Mahto-Tatonka had a strong protection.
A stab from a real knife, might save you.
But Henry persevered in his determination to do no murder, for such he persuaded himself would be the stabbing of the sleeping and defenceless man.
this is a stab to his peace of mind which he will never recover: he loved her to distraction, and she, the dissembling, artful jade, appeared to love him with equal ardour.
A scene of confusion followed, the table was overturned, Rizzio received a stab, was seized, dragged out of the closet through the bed-room into the anteroom, and then left near the outer door, weltering in his blood, having been dispatched by the infliction of fifty-six wounds.
He's got two stabs in him, deep ones, and then, you see, he laid
When the burglar will enter the dwelling-when the assassin will stabwhen the knave will defraud-when the dishonest will deny or evade the obligations of his contract-neither can be foreseen nor foreknown; for if foreseen or foreknown, the entry of the burglar -- the stab of
We trembled then, at the deep death-note Pealed from the panting bull-dog's throat, -- The flash, -- the echo and the smoke, -- The yell, -- the stab, -- the sabre stroke, -- The musket shot, -- the frenzied shriek, -- The death-groan of the hunted Greek, -- Till our white feet with streams of gore were dyed, And mangled limbs were strown on every side, -- With many a skull by Turkish sabre cleft; Our vultures finished what their blood-hounds left!
Your deed of all your property to me was another stab, piercing my very heart.
He was leaning, with folded arms, over a bale of blankets, engaged in bargaining, when he received a deadly stab in the back, and fell down the companion-way.
for ever damn your own good fame, you will have inflicted a stab on " the good old cause " of the principles of Virginia, with the treacherous hand of a false friend, far deeper than could ever have been inflicted by an open foe.
Mr. Webster had now recovered his composure, and fixing his keen eye on the Chief Justice, said, in that deep tone with which he sometimes thrilled the heart of an audience " Sir, I know not how others may feel, ' (glancing at the opponents of the College before him,) but, for myself, when I see my alma mater surrounded, like C * esar in the senate house, by those who are reiterating stab upon stab, I would not, for this right hand, have her turn to me, and say, Et tu quo que mi flu!
If you acquit him upon the principle of doubt, future assassins have only to stab in solitude, and they will stab in safety.
All grasp at gold to squander and abuse Its power, at once rapacious and profuse, Bulls, bears, sneak off, like Schuyler in disgrace, But other swindlers fill the abandoned place; Extremes of want and wasteful luxury meet, Banks fail, yet flourish, quacks delude and cheat, These trick with promises to cure and they Defraud, with bankrupt promises to pay; While fashion's thoughtless crew of idlers nurse The growing ill, and swell the country's curse; For them the mouthing player struts and prates, Lives the licentious life he personates, And foreign dancers, with indecent arts, And fiddlers come, while pristine worth departs; Athwart the glare of theatre or ball, The shadowy forms of vice and misery fall, To drunken orgies, gay saloons entice, Grey-headed seniors leer at flaunting vice, The gambler's toils around his victim close, And crime unwhipt of justice bolder grows; No longer murder stabs and steals away, But stalks defying in the light of day, Riot
He would sooner forgive thee a stab at his throat than a flout upon his understanding, as indeed, would most men, those in especial who have the ambition of greatness without its soul, and better love the attributes which follow achievement, than the difficult paths and chastening circumstances which attend it.
The evils of the act to herself were reduced with equal readiness to the transition from one state to another by a small process, which, whether by the name of stab
Col. Colonni A wounded man is hither brought, So much with gaping stabs and blood disguised, By none around has he been recognised.
Assassination; murder; malicious stabbing or maiming; rape; malicious assault and battery; robbery; theft; the wanton desecration of churches, cemeteries or other religious edifices and fixtures, and the destruction, except by order of a superior officer, of public or private propcrty, are such offences.
Napoleon hoped that he was now secure from a stab in the back.
The account of him concluded as follows: " Thus, by a fatal stab in the back, we lost the best man in the ship -- honest to his last farthing; true to his last word; brave as Julius Csar; and tender-hearted as a woman.
The point was reached, from which it was customary to hurl the tremendous volley of ponderous steel-headed pila, which invariably preceded the sword charge of the legions, and for the most part threw the first rank of the enemy into confusion, and left them an easy conquest to the short stabbing sword, and sturdy buckler.
That's what my life ' ill be -- " the rifle dropped by his side again -- " A bullet for every man who has gold, which I would like to have; a bullet or a knife, a shot or a stab!
The former gave the blow openly, the latter gives the deadly stab in secret.
his limbs were stiff, and the region of the stab sore and sensitive to the least touch.
give it utterance; -- though every word Stab to my heart, that were some ease, compar'd To this dark horrible uncertainty.
, that in Parkhurst would probably be found under that word, as a derivative, the English word dagger, especially as the Hebrew verb signifies to pierce, or stab.
Every violation of truth is not only a sort of suicide in the liar, but is a stab at the health of human society.
a small process, which, whether by the name of stab or shot, was productive only of a momentary spasm, for, though as fully persuaded of the soul's immortality as the best of us, the unhappy girl, like all young free-thinkers, had persuaded herself that, in dying by her own hands, she was simply exercising a discretionary power under the conviction that her act in doing so, was rendered by circumstances a judicious one.
But in March, 1778, two years after its adoption, the new constitution received a number of violent legislative stabs, and a substitute for it was presented to him by
make, must yet ere then Be acted here; ay, with the genuine clasp Of anguish, and fierce stabs, not buried in silk robes, But in hot hearts, and sighs from wrung souls ' depths.
Already a power of iniquity clutches at your children s throat; stabs at their life at their seal s life.
A stab with a Bowie knife, however, at length brought it to the ground, and we dragged it into the ravine, congratulating ourselves that, at all events, we had thus obtained a supply of food enough to last us for a week.
Their train, following closely after them, had all entered into the defile, the last of them having already passed the abutment nearest to Rome, when a loud shout arose from either side the bridge; and from the thickets and gardens at each extremity forth rushed a band of stout youths armed with casques and cuirasses of bronze, with the oblong shields and Spanish stabbing swords of the legionaries.
Wit implies hatred or contempt of folly and crime, produces its effects by brisk shocks of surprise, uses the whip of scorpions and the branding-iron, stabs, stings, pinches, tortures, goads, teases, corrodes, undermines; Humor implies a sure conception of the beautiful, the majestic,
Had I known it earlier, I would sooner have died than have given such a stab to your peace; and you, in your disinterested kindness, would willingly have gone to your grave, and left me in ignorance of it.
St. Clare and one or two others made an effort to separate them, and St. Clare received a fatal stab in the side with a bowie-knife, which he was attempting to wrest from one of them.
The noble boy's courage, however, was greater than his strength, and he could not cut the animal's windpipe; nevertheless, he quniled not, but dealt the brutal assailant of his father so many stabs that weakened with the loss of blood
Thanks to you, I got but one stab, ' replied the traveller.
with deadly passion, they rush together armed with long knives and loaded guns pointed with daggers, and after firing at each other's hearts, cut, hack and stab, until half of their number lie gasping in the agonies of death -- to call this " a splendid affair, " " a brilliant action, " " a glorious engagement, " -- to say, as one of our generals, commanding in Mexico, said in his despatches, after giving an account of the storming of Chapultepec, in which a thousand men were laid in their blood on the slopes of that fortress, " no sight could be more animating or glorious, - seems to us, not only an abuse of language, but in this age of the world, unpardonable inhumanity.
For every name a seperate death, for every crime a stab, a pistol shot, and a Curse!
He was leaning, with folded arms, over a bale of blankets, engaged in bargaining, when he received a deadly stab in the back, and fell down the companionway. "
I * ' imagine that this dark hint took its origin from one of " my Notes in ' The Giaour, ' in which I said that the coun " tenance of a person dying by stabs retained the character " of ferocity, or of the particular passion imprinted on it, " at the moment of dissolution.
and shot, and stab and stroke, till not an enemy remained alive upon the bank of the small stream, which late so pure and lucid, flowed now all dark, curdled, and thick with human gore.
Still can he greet me with that brow of love, Radiant as Moses ', yet in secret stab?
Blood flowed like water; and so fierce was the hatred of the combatants, so deadly the nature of the tremendous stabbing broadswords of the Romans, that few wounds were inflicted, and few men went down ' till they were slain outright.
The reading of this curious document afforded the senate no little diversion, while to the government it was a fatal stab, for it discovered the queer order of intellects it had chosen to perform its offices abroad.
I don't mean to murder myself -- I 'm past that now -- give it me " -- and snatching it from my hand, he flung down an empty purse, and with a terrific stab, nailed it fast with the dirk to the table. "
Arvina staggered back like a man who has received a mortal stab, as he read those fatal words; and stared about him with a wild and wandering eye.
said Villafana, with some such look as that which had appalled Juan, when he walked with him over the meadows beyond the city: " For, if thou dost, know then, that I make my promise to the infernal fiend, to broil with him seven times seven thousand years, if I do not, with a stab for every lash, make up my reckoning with the man who degraded me!
How his eyes flashed -- how his deep tones rung through the chamber, as he uttered words like these: -- " These facts -- (the long recital of galling wrongs) -- have given the last stab to agonizing affection, and manly spirit bids us renounce forever these unfeeling brethren.
, man to man, it was fought out, with those short stabbing blades, against which the stoutest corslet was but as parchment, the hardest shield of brass-bound bull's hide, but as a stripling's wicker target.
Were there in ' t A face of justice -- But to see my rights Slighted and trampled by a stabbing ruffian, A father's favor poisoned by the breath Of an old visionary; be left blank, Because I scorn to flatter, and protest My loyalty for favor, strips me bare Of patience; and I swear, ere brook such wrong, I'll give their chronicles a bloodier leaf Than Amnon's.
A stab of compunction pierced his bosom; he felt that he loved her more than ever, but passion was stronger than affection, stronger than conscience, stronger than anything in nature, except pride and ambition.
hide thee from my view for a time; hide it from me that my heart was black enough to meditate the stabbing of a brother!
Its indifference is not a stab in their bosom, the slow bleeding of which can only be stifled in the grave!
Tell what you know about this stabbing, Moll, " said the magistrate. "
How stab with perfidy that noble heart Which gave thee all its wealth of love and trust?
Those civil wars, by which the Spanish- American republics have been so much distracted, another severe stab, not merely at the theory of the equal rights of man, but at the idea of the capacity of mankind for self-government, have been almost entirely occasioned by the great inequalities of wealth
(Draws aside his vesture, and displays two bleeding stabs upon his breast.)
And with the words he dealt her three stabs, the least of which was mortal; but, even in that moment of dread passion, with fiendish ingenuity he endeavored
Of an impulsive and passionate nature, she had fortified herself to encounter the stings and venomous stabs of public contumely, wreaking itself in every variety of insult; but there was a quality so much more terrible in the solemn mood of the popular mind, that she longed rather to behold all those rigid countenances contorted with scornful
The English boy threw himself forward and received a stab, aimed at the heart of his old friend; and the priest, with one convulsive bound, and one loud shriek of agony, withdrew the sword and plunged it deeply in his own breast.
He had one white foot behind, and a broad white blaze on his face, across which there was a large seam, evidently the scar of a long and severe broadsword cut; in his fore-shoulder there was another mark as of a stab with a lance or bayonet, and on his left quarter the traces of three bullets or grape shot.
stab to his pride with savage fortitude and he bore with self-scorn the pursuit of her innocent curiosity. "
It is true that, before I knew him here, your own hand had given the deadly stab to your own reputation.
In long ranks, like grass in the mower's swathes, the rebel warriors lay, with their grim faces, and glazed eyes, set in that terrible expression of ferocity which is always observed on the lineaments of those who have died from wounds inflicted by a stabbing weapon; and under them, or near them, in ghastly piles were heaped, scarce less in number, the corpses of their slaughtered conquerors.
Frederick Bramble I deprecate the cruel critic's stabs.
It seemed as if his sensibilities suffered a stab with every syllable which he was called upon to answer.
Mr. Webster had now recovered his composure, and fixing his keen eye on the Chief Justice, said, in that deep tone with which he sometimes thrilled the heart of an audience " Sir, I know not how others may feel, ' (glancing at the opponents of the College before him,) but, for myself, when I see my alma mater surrounded, like C * esar in the senate house, by those who are reiterating stab upon stab, I would not, for this right hand, have her turn to me, and say, Et tu quo que mi flu!
Never heed polishing them very much, but give them right keen edges, and good stabbing points. "
I was confident, at the first, that he was at the bottom of that confounded stabbing affair.
Brave as he is - and few of mankind are braver - he will vent his passion by a secret stab rather than an open blow
Of my party, not one was injured in this last affray; but several of the horsemen had received cuts and stabs, though none of a dangerous character.
For answering with stab and yell The challenge of the sentinel Who from foul shame an Indian spared, End note: 1Kb Mad with deep draughts of liquid fire, When whip was raised, and back was bared, By calming Yonnondio's ire?
That ' * fiend, who sits grinning on the window-seat, gave me a mortal stab.
-- the thought was a stab to my heart; annihilation, even, would at that moment, have been preferable.
Officer Stab, stab, again: but heaven supports my soul To warn thee, O thou Upas of the world, Thou scourge of God -- that soon thy reign will end.
Thou knowest,  said Hester, -- for, depressed as she was, she could not endure this last quiet stab at the token of her shame, -- " thou knowest that I was frank with thee.
She moaned in very sympathy, and stroked gently back the straight raven hair, now clotted with blood.
Florence seated herself, and as she did so, leaned her head on Mary's shoulder, while the latter wound her arm fondly about her, and gently stroked back the
and as she spoke she stroked Jane's hair back from her pure smooth brow
As his manner was, he stroked with his hand the long tuft on his chin, before he commenced speaking: " There are things, " he said, " in the speech of the worshipful brother whereof I approve, and others, again, whereunto I may not give my assent.
He would stroke The head of modest and ingenuous worth That hlushed at its own praise, and press the youth Close to his side that pleased him. "
, Abbot upon wrecks; To Jacobs then, to Jacobson turn'd next, Then shook his head and stroked his chin perplex'd.
And his eye ran from the name of Bodgers to the name of Flint, and he stroked his wig in a reflective manner, and laid the paper upon his knee, and removing his spectacles, placed them upon it, and eyeing keenly Mr. Quid, said: " It's my opinion, sir, that this paper is a forgery! "
nieces very affectionately, gave a double caress to Adeline, stroked her pretty curls, admired her beadwork, talked to her about her doll, and then proceeded to invite the whole family to a Twelfth-Day party, given for their especial benefit.
NOT a little disturbed, lest I should distrust the quality of his valor, the major approached me shortly after we had set sail, and having stroked his beard for a few seconds, said: " I do hope, sir, you will not think it strange I did not use my sword to avenge the insult offered me by the enemies who mixed up with my friends on the wharf.
It, meseems, thou art in a hurry to have justice done thee, good fellow,  said, with a grim smile, the gentleman who was the third one described, stroking, with his embroidered glove, the tuft of hair that hung below his chin. "
When he was gone, the latter stroked his chin complacently as he soliloquized -- " He will do to break ground with this fellow, Calvert.
The Caliph stroked his beard and looked at Giafer, and Giafer shook his head with that solemn air which (even before the time of Lord Burleigh) meant so much among counsellors of state.
Stroke after stroke the heavy bells rang midnight, and it seemed, to each of those excited minds, as though an age elapsed between each
She laughed a little, and went on stroking his face. "
Mrs. Barton was not free from the superstition which pervades her class, and she gladly permitted him to stroke her face, which he did with a gravity that evinced perfect faith in his own powers; and in the course of fifteen minutes, she declared herself completely relieved, and cheerfully resumed her labors.
Cassy sat down by her, put her arm round her neck, stroked her soft, brown hair; and Emmeline then wondered at the beauty of her magnificent eyes, now soft with tears. "
at the company, Mr. Lowe took his departure, involuntarily stroking with increased affection the nasal eminence which had furnished occasion for so much misplaced merriment. "
Thou'lt see, most worshipful, " said Jacques, stroking his chin and looking straightforward with a fierce aspect, " when next thou comest our way, how bravely I'll swear by my beard!
, red face crimsoned, and his thoughts seemed in his beard, for after stroking and fretting it for some seconds, he spoke as follows: " Fellow-citizens: I am sure I have not merited the great homage bestowed upon me to-day.
The poor girl obeyed, but without any apparent interest, and without even seeming conscious of the endearing tenderness with which Hope stroked back her hair, and kissed her cheek. "
Andy had half put out his hand to stroke her.
Edward stroked his face and run his fingers along the edge of his collar, remarking, indifferently, as he did so -- " It's no matter.
But mark: -- ' T is but a rumor, we may hope unfounded: Though ephod-wearers stroke their beards and smile.
Our guide, before mounting him, stroked his head with his hand, and patted his shining neck fondly, saying, at the same time, in his ear, " We're off again, my old Rover, on a long hunt, with brave young followers: you must show them what you're made of before we get back again. "
Guly threw an arm about him, and with the other hand stroked the dark locks soothingly back from the excited brow. "
She stroked her silken hair, and caressed her as if she had been a sister, and giving her a few toys from her rich pocket, she hurried on to overtake her teacher who was descending the stairs that led to the lowest corridor, and thence to the yard.
When the gymnotus is exhausted, or in a very reduced state of excitability, and will no longer emit strokes on being irritated with one hand, the shocks are felt in a very vivid manner, on forming the chain, and employing both hands.
Mr. Tickler shook his head, and stroked his beard, despondingly. "
My setting forward was somewhat before seauen in the morning; my Taberer stroke up merrily; and as fast as kinde peoples thronging together would giue mee leaue, thorow London I leapt.
There was one Valentine Greatarick, who affirmed that he had the gift of healing diseases, by stroking and rubbing the diseased parts with his hands.
a moment, and strokes his poor little thin cheeks, and thinks what a laughing, happy little fellow he once was, till she has not a heart to reprove him.
Redwort stroked his iron-gray moustache, and regarded Martin complacently, to observe the effect of his confessions on his new acquaintance. "
One arm was thrown listlessly above his head, his dark curls, disheveled and tangled, were stroked back from his brow, and his cheeks, though hotly flushed, looked as if bearing the bright glow of some pleasant dream.
he shows him " the belts and moons of Jupiter, the rings of Satnrn, and his satellites, the gibbous appearance of Mars, and the wond ers of the milky way, " -- the astrologer stroking his beard, and saying, " God is great, and truly you are one of the wise ones of the earth, " and the youthful missionary saying, " if Moolahs will permit us to take them by the hand, and lead them in the paths of science, the time is near when we can lead them to the Lamb of God. "
I went up, and amused myself with stroking her.
Both Harry and the groom were ready to submit their difference to him, and even Mad Sallie was soothed into quietness by his voice and hand, as he spoke gently to her and stroked her mane while he critically examined every point of the harness. "
For this lightning stroke that hath scathed him, for the blight and blackening of all earthly hope, what we call language hath no tint nor pencil. "
The first white hunter o ' old Kaintuck,  answered the other, stroking the neck of the fiery beast on which the lady was now sitting. "
them, and to take From their fair hands the dainties they would bring; And they would stroke his sable fur, and feel His velvet paws; and then he licked his paws, And paws so touched, he could have licked, and lived Long on such licking.
I don't know, you little thing,  said Harry, stroking her head fondly. "
I crave your majesty's pardon,  said Frank, stroking his sovereign tenderly on the shoulder; for which affectionate demonstration he was rewarded by a violent push that laid him prostrate. "
-- Poor old guide-book, thought I, tenderly stroking its back, and smoothing the dog-ears with reverence; I will not use you with despite, old Morocco!
I told you about Nannie: she is the girl that is so kind to everybody; and she always speaks softly to the heifer, and pats her, and strokes her, and the men kick her and beat her. "
whose branches gray, Hung o'er the passing traveler's way, Until the woodman's echoing stroke The silence of the forest broke, And felled to earth the giant oak.
And as he ceased speaking he stroked his whiskers, and glanced with much apparent self-approval upon his bright breastplate which reflected his handsome features as in a mirror. "
To confirm this state of things, Mr. Sam Chisel said that he had seen a man in a thin face and Roman nose stand at the window several times " atween daylight and dark, his hand stroking a dry tuft of whisker, like a goat. "
T was not well done; thou shouldst have stroked him, And not have galled him.
The Turk marked well the influence of the scenery upon the Circassian, and slowly stroked his beard with silent satisfaction at the sight.
back into his place, and, removing his cap, stroked down the remnants of his gray and sandy locks, with an air of mortification mingled with submission.
Winnie lay there still, and Winthrop was softly playing with one of her hands and striking it and stroking it against his own.
And the Dey, who was a noble looking man, with a magnificent brown beard, stroked his beard and looked contented.
While the old knight drew a chair, and after sundry hems and stroking his chin, thus gravely addressed her: " I am informed, Madam, that you are desirous of an interview with me; will you be so good as to enlighten me as to the cause of the unexpected honour? "
She went to him, he took her in his lap, pressed her hard to his breast, and stroked her hair.
Mr. Bivins, too, sitting over his crusted ashes, and stroking his wig consequentially, reflected long upon his interview with the proprietor of Blimmersville; and putting his various queries together, he thought within himself: " Blimmer is a man to be watched! "
Robert took his little sister in his arms, and stroked her little black head, and kissed her cheek, and then he drew himself proudly up, saying, " Nina?
Twice, Baron, has the tedious night Been reddened by our watch-fires bright; Twice has the morning sunbeam found Our force afoot on hostile ground, And nothing in the shape of foe Has brandished axe, or bended bow " -- Murmured De Nonville, in disdain, Stroking his courser's flowing mane. "
I prefer running rigs to running races; and if I thought ever so much of a woman, I shouldn't thank her for admiring the legs of my horse more than she did my own; " and, with these words, he extended the favorite limbs -- showing a handsomely-turned thigh, calf, and ankle -- and stroked them with the complacency of a bachelor whose frequent escapes from the snares of the sex have sufficiently shown his value.
At last he closed his eyes with his own hands, and gently stroking his own forehead, with a smile in his countenance, he gave a little groan, and so expired his blessed soul into the arms of his fellow-servants, the holy angels, on July 7, 1647.
The Frenchman stroked the gray fur with slow touch. "
said Fanny, who felt more encouraged, as she saw Dred stroking a squirrel. "
Many a time have I known her to abstract a measure of oats from the parson's frugal store, and set it under the elm tree for Clover, and as she stood by him while he was eating, patting and stroking him, he would look round at her with an expression of mute gratitude and fondness, that words could
Dear grandpapa,  returned Blanche, approaching him and stroking down his snow-white locks with her soft hand,
So called from the syllogist himself, doubtless;  said Mohi, stroking his beard. "
It is only age, " he said, slowly stroking his white beard, " that teaches us wisdom, and persuades us to renounce the hope of escaping ourselves; and just as we are discovering the Philosopher's Stone, relieves our anxiety by pointing the way to Eldorado. "
shall silence him myself, without speech or stroke from you being necessary.
Eddie enjoyed hearing him crack them with his sharp teeth, and would stroke his great head, and say kindly, " Poor Philo!
The Mussulman, as he sat there in a thoughtful and silent mood, stroked slowly the jetty black beard that swept his breast, while he seemed completely absorbed in contemplating the scene before him.
She smoothed the pillow where he lay, she warmly tucked the bed, She wiped his tears, and stroked the curls that clustered round his head.
It was forced upon Austria by the formidable proportions of the anti-Russian alliance, which threatened to sever from her at one stroke her Italian provinces if she took part with the enemy; but it will be observed, that while leaning to the side of the Alliance, she has steadily endeavored to present a minimum of opposition to Russia.
She allowed him to weep on, though she kept saying, " Geo'ge, Geo'ge, " softly, and stroking his knee with the hand next him.
Kitty, Kitty, " he called to his fingers an amiable and womanly looking Maltese, and taking her in his arms, stroked her back, in face of the wilful man, and added, " That is good; I love cats, too! "
and he gazed about him with evident satisfaction, stroking the hounds that loved to wander from their young master's presence to the sunny room, where there was always a kind word and a gentle pat for them. "
As he said this, he stroked down his respectable and kindly-looking locks, behind, and took his homely pipe. "
When his doom the Captive heareth, How thy summons, stroke on stroke, Tells the fatal moment neareth, Sounding like the heavy stroke Distant heard ere falls the oak!
Looks are nothing,  replied Edward, stroking his beard.
Mrs. Landholm was silent a minute or two, stroking Winifred's head and kissing her. "
Stroke after stroke the heavy bells rang midnight, and it seemed, to each of those excited minds, as though an age elapsed between each
If so, it is probable that Fulton's alphabet may be traced, to his having scalded himself, some time or other, with the steam of a tea-pot -- and that of Franklin, to a practice of stroking back the hair of cats, in a dark entry -- or some other, equally rational, or philosophical pastime.
-- " " Poor Winnie, " said her brother stroking her hair, -- " you haven't seen it in a good while. "
If you see, for instance, a pretty woman alone, with her curry companion, you can just walk on, " commercing with the skies " till the lady gets one side of you and the dog the other; this will give you the opportunity of begging her pardon, of patting and stroking the dog a little; it may break the ice toward an acquaintance; or, if the place be convenient to fall, you had better let her trip you up, and then she will be very sorry.
But now there were twelve strokes to be sounded by the bell of the clock; and thus it happened, perhaps, that more of thought crept, with more of time, into the meditations of the thoughtful among those who revelled.
But soon after, death entered his household, and in succeeding years stroke after stroke of affliction came upon him.
As the doctor spoke the bell, soothed by a lull of the storm, rang slowly stroke by stroke; and its intermitting toll seemed to testify to the truth of the old man's words.
Philip often visited Cambiaso while at work, and one day remarking that the head of St. Anne among the blessed was too youthful, the painter replied by seizing his pencil, and with four strokes so seamed the face with wrinkles, and so entirely altered its air, that the royal critic once more " remained stupid, " hardly knowing whether he had judged amiss, or the change had been effected by magic.
Attempt to lead him with a silken string, To stroke his bristled mane and gaily pat His iron scales?
As he looked he stroked his beard, and muttered, addressing himself to the hunchback, " Harkee, Najara, man!
Yes, indeed,  said her aunt, fondly stroking her head. "
The first thing that attracted their attention was the sound of a bell, which struck four strokes very distinctly, and in a very peculiar manner, near where the helmsman stood in steering the ship.
Gathering her skirts lightly in her hand, -- they were not so long as to interfere materially with her walking, -- she came tripping up to the door, but did not appear to be in haste, for seeing the children, she paused in evident surprise, stooped down and stroked the head of Harry's dog, with which they were playing, and asked them a few questions, to which, however, she failed to obtain satisfactory answers.
Jane, encouraged by this evidence of docility, put her hand on the animal's neck, and stroked his long head gently with her hand, while Neddy gathered handful after handful of hay, and stood close by the mouth of the old horse, as he ate it with the air of one who enjoyed himself.
But stern disease his footstep staid, And down the woodman's axe he laid -- The fever-flame was high; No more the forest fear'd his stroke, He fell, as falls the smitten oak, The emigrant must die.
I makes ' em as whist as fishes; and if one on ' em begins and gives a yelp, why, -- " and Mr. Loker brought down his fist with a thump that fully explained the hiatus. "
Another gives me a diamond as big as a fist, and you, it's a thump of the fist you give me.
Ralph felt his heart beat quicker, with thump upon thump as the figure came from the shadow into the moonlight. "
We walked on in silence till I saw that his strength was giving out, -- he was in ill health then, -- and with a mute grasp of the hand, and a loud thump at the heart, we parted.
During the whole of this time the bellowing of the cow, the roars of the leopard and the thumping, trampling and shuffling which proceeded from the cattle-shed, explained the savage nature of the fight.
And there's a mighty difference between a living thump and a dead thump.
I too kate boo kou la, &c.; So the tang-tang thump, &c.; Enter Berissa, -- Slaves bow.
Linstock hit general Alcort three times without bringing him down, and these rude thumps, -- (although the general did not mind a pistol ball more than the proboscis of a musquito,) prevented his steady aim -- he couldn't touch his mark.
The hoarse trumpets of the engineers sounded -- the hose had been dropped in the cisterns -- there was a thumping of engine-arms, a thin jet of muddy water rose against the flame, and the fire bounded up, livelier than ever
Now the tang-tang thump; big tabala beat; While the flute and the bells make music sweet; And the negro girl on the simbing play, For this be missy's wedding day.
I gave him a thumping for being such a fool; but that only made him cry harder.
Cowper sings with homely truth -- Thump after thump resounds the constant flail, That seems to swing uncertain, and yet falls Full on the destin'd ear.
Cowper sings with homely truth -- Thump after thump resounds the constant flail, That seems to swing uncertain, and yet falls Full on the destin'd ear.
No, sir; the violence of the operation would do his business as expeditiously as a thump over the head with a tomahawk, which I think, as you are an Indian trader and fighter, you know something about.
Like some poor devils ashore that happen to know an irascible great man, they make distant unobtrusive salutations to him in the street, lest if they pursued the acquaintance further, they might receive a summary thump for their presumption.
Who dancest in heaven to the song of the trump, To the fife's acclaim, and bass-drum's thump!
Then ensued the applause of the spectators, with clap of hands and thump of sticks, and the energetic pounding of their heels.
Instead of strutting about as formerly with his three-cornered hat on one side, flourishing his cudgel, and bringing it down every moment with a hearty thump upon the ground, looking every one sturdily in the face, and trolling out a stave of a catch or a drinking-song, he now goes about whistling thoughtfully to himself, with his head drooping down
The struggle seemed to wax hotter and hotter, for a short time after Michael came to the ground, and he threw the children about in all directions and postures, giving some of them thumps which would have placed the ruffle-shirted little darlings of the present day, under the discipline of paregoric and opodeldoc for a week; but these hardy sons of the forest, seemed not to feel them.
Just that little thump, whatever it was, " said the teller of the story.
-- why, you know he's the man " -- " Man, " here broke in Doctor Drummummupp, at the top of his voice, and with a thump that came
I tell you what, goody, I would have taken a thumping for a drink of water!
A feeble, struggling light from within showed the inmates were stirring as the man in the overcoat gave a loud, careless thump on the trembling door, which was opened by a
Seeing that I remained motionless (all my limbs were dislocated and my head twisted on one side), his apprehensions began to be excited; and arousing the rest of the passengers, he communicated, in a very decided manner, his opinion that a dead man had been palmed upon them during the night for a living and responsible fellow-traveller; here giving me a thump on the right eye, by way of demonstrating the truth of his suggestion.
A thump here -- a wound there -- a knock down blow on this side, another on that!
To his great surprise, therefore, a few minutes afterwards, he heard a thumping sound, and, on turning over to see what the cause of it was, he found that the little door was loose again, and was swinging backward and forward as before.
After loosening the hard soil, by dint of much thumping and pounding, the Yankee jerked one of the roots this way and that, twisting it round and round, and then tugging at it horizontally. "
He had no sooner fairly got it to his eye than he brought his foot down upon the deck with a stout thump and opened his countenance with a broad grin of satisfaction.
An, by the five crasses, if it wasn't for the wapon you've got in your hand -- and poor Jamie that I brought here on my back -- and this thump upon my head, I should say it was all a dhrame clane out. "
And not a little consoling is required by the infant heroes upon whom the bounties of autumn descend too copiously, administering more and harder thumps than their green philosophy has yet been trained to endure.
Ralph felt his heart beat quicker, with thump upon thump as the figure came from the shadow into the moonlight. "
There is a naturalness and a continuous flow of expression in Mr. Hawthorne's books, that makes them delightful to read, especially in this our day, when the fear of triteness drives some writers, (even those who might otherwise avoid that reproach,) to adopt an abrupt and dislocated style, administering to our jaded attention frequent thumps and twitches, by means of outlandish idioms and forced inversions, and now and then flinging at our heads an incomprehensible, break-jaw word, which uncivilized missile stuns us to a full stop, and an appeal to authority.
At last, with the crowning threat, up went the spear for an astounding thump, and down came a large piece of the ceiling, and with it -- a shower of letters.
The consequence is obvious -- Michael's head first took the desk, then the seat, and finally the ground, (for the house was not floored,) with three sonorous thumps, of most doleful portent.
And there's a mighty difference between a living thump and a dead thump.
Now, Tom's roarer when there's any thumping or fighting to be done; but at lying he an't good, Tom an't, -- ye see it don't come natural to him; but, Lord, if thar's a feller in the country that can swear to anything and everything, and put in all the circumstances and flourishes with a long face, and carry ' t through better
Thinking that I was as capable of making an application of thumps and pinches to the part as any one else, I endeavoured to resist this species of medical treatment.
-- tiddle (bump) -- tiddle (thump) -- tiddle (bang!)
Louis pleaded as much as he dared, in dread of a few thumps, friendly in intent, but vigorous in execution, from Salisbury, and a second shaking from Hamilton, but all in vain, and they sallied forth.
Suppose yourself, my friend, in a room of tolerable size, but in height hardly exceeding eight feet; the ceiling is pine boards, and the bare beams are seen above, seemingly ready to enforce on any high-headed wight the practical application of that pithy sentence -- " Stoop as you go through the world, and you will miss many hard thumps; " -- a stone fire-place, rudely constructed, must occupy almost one whole side
Presently I asked her if she would like some ginger beer; of course she said yes, and of course I had to go into the kitchen to get it, and of course I found Jim there, and telling him my story in a dozen words, he brought his hand down with a thump on his waistband, exclaiming, " Je-ru-sa-lem! "
why, you know he's the man " -- " Man, " here broke in Doctor Drummummupp, at the top of his voice, and with a thump that came near knocking the pulpit about our ears; " man that is born of a woman hath but a short
My skin is lily white, and the color here is new, So the first man they sold me to, he thump'd me black and blue: The Priest who bought me from him, in a tenderhearted tone, Said, come from that great blackguard's house, and walk into my own.
One had her form under my house all winter, separated from me only by the flooring, and she startled me each morning by her hasty departure when I began to stir -- thump, thump, thump, striking her head against the floor timbers in her hurry.
Why, Crowder, you are one of those fellows, in every party, who are allowed to make a noise in proportion to their real want of confidence and information; in the same way as poor Bill Baffin, the stevedore, thumps and whistles and plies his mallet on the outside of the ship on the stocks, without getting so much as a peep in at the cabin-window.
The boldest, having approached the door to listen, applied their ears to the keyhole, and heard as follows: " Turn out your toes -- forward two -- tol-de-rol-tiddle (thump) -- tiddle (bump) -- twiddle (bang!)
But unfortunately he had made some miscalculation or slip, for instead of alighting square upon the skates, his heels flew up, and with a tremendous thump, down came poor Bill upon his back. "
The next thing I knew, was the loud thumping of a handspike on deck as the watch was called again.
sufficient to keel) them in the channel, and in such cases, at a command from the officer, the crews would leap // qwq The metallic boats, it was found, endured the thumps and contusions which they received, with very little damage; but the wooden boat, though heavy and strong, was found wholly incapable of sustaining such service.
ingeniously disentangled from all pretensions to braid, as respects its brim; and the slivers starting apart, and standing upright, gave it a blazing air of freedom and defiance, quite equal to that of any Fejee chief; while the whole brim of Andy's being departed bodily, he rapped the crown on his head with a dexterous thump, and looked about well pleased, as if to say, " Who says I haven't got a hat? "
I have hoped on till I am tired on't, and by spells I have dreams in which it seems like my brother was alive and had come back, and then my old gourd shell of a heart gives a thunderin ' thump, and fetches me up wide awake.
enchants the slopes Of the barren plains, as youthful hopes Turn the dreariest day to rhyme; But when the night of our chill Decembers Shuts in at the close of a lowering day, And the winds roar down from the distance grey, And rattle the shutters, and scatter the embers, As they howl down the chimney's blackened throat, And over the old sea-wall, and under Those ruined arches with thump and thunder, Whitens the surf in the stormy night; And the cold owl hoots in the mouldering moat, And the wild gull screams as he hurries by, And the dog sneaks close by the blaze to snore, And starts from his sleep to answer again The desolate long-drawn howl of pain Of the wolf-dog, prowling afar on the moor.
Jest then thump went the old bote agin something, and evry woman squalled, and the men stood on ther tip-toes.
in the cisterns -- there was a thumping of engine arms -- a thin jet of muddy water rose against the flame, and the fire bounded up livelier than ever.
Only reflect what a thumping there is against my ribs, whenever I think of the subject with which I commenced this epistle: a pretty story I made of it, indeed; but then it is natural that it should be so, after all.
A VIOLENT thumping was heard at the door of Willow Croft, which, before it could be properly noticed, answered itself, and burst into the house in the obese and burly shape of Climper, of Climper's, or rather of Merrywater.
The luckless Orson gained nothing by his stratagem, but a useless thump of his own hairy carcass against the tree, the force of which brought him again upon the ground.
Each listening ear was set on torture, Each Tory bellowing, " Order, Order; " And some, with tongue not low or weak, Were clam'ring fast, for leave to speak; The Moderator, with great vi'lence, The cushion thump'd with, " Silence, Silence! "
he received a heavy thump upon the shoulder, which made him exclaim -- " Blood and thunder!
And as she closed the door the commodore turned to Thurston, and with another emphatic thump of his cane, said: " Well, sir!
and one of the watch on deck, after a preliminary thumping with the large end of a handspike upon the forecastle, vociferated down the fore scuttle, " All the starboard watch, ahoy!
I was roused early by a general thumping and clattering, and, making the hasty toilette which one is compelled to do when destitute of appliances, I found the stage at the early hour of six ready at the door; and, to my surprise, the coachman was muffled up in furs, and the morning was intensely cold.
Pluck sings, accompanied with a violent thumping of his fists on the table, " We have a sister scarcely growne, For she is such a little one That yet no breaste hath she, What thing shall we now undertake To doe for thys our sister's sake If spoken for
The audience now began to be impatient; they signified their desire for the entertainment to commence by thump of sticks and stamp of boot-heels.
The large branching silver candlesticks, which stood at each side of a full-length picture of General Washington, on the mantel-piece, were richly fringed with white bridal ornaments, after the good old fashion; and as lively a set of lads and lasses as ever moved through the figures of a cotillion, were keeping time to the impetuous thumping of their own hearts, and the long-sweeping bow-hands of two hereditary fiddlers stationed behind the door.
It is a good lesson to learn,  thought Lucy, but learned next door at too great an expense of thumps on the head, raps over the hand, and aching hearts.
Frank and Salisbury were both of them seated on the top of a desk; the former, generally silent, relieved himself by sundry twists and contortions, smacking of the lips, sighs, and turnings of the eyes, varied by a few occasional thumps administered to Salisbury, who sat by him, apparently unconscious of the bellicose attitude of his neighbor, listening
There was silence for a few seconds, interrupted only, on board the Albatross, by the punching and thumping of rammers, as her crew were busily reloading their guns.
make tremendous efforts at a Page image - Page 109. performance of the " pigeon-wing, " each thump resounding like the report of a cannon, and causing all the glasses in the row to rattle as if under the influence of an earthquake.
The occasional clink or thump of something on board a vessel, or the steady plying of some patient oars, falls pleasantly on the ear in this calm night.
3 Four wives requiring that Ali should bestir, Why he soon fell to work as before, With his hammer, Making as much noise as ever; Yet the neighbours heard it never, The ladies contrived to make a little more Than the hammer: All the thumping, all the knocking
He carries a two-fisted rapier, would split your skull as easy as I could crack a cocoanut with my sledge-hammer, and he wears an iron pot on his head -- I know it, for I have had the tinkering of the same -- would take a swinging thump as easy as my anvil, and never the worse. "
The red blood dashed up to Somers ' very forehead, and he could scarcely breathe for the thumping of his heart, as the idea crossed him that now was the time to ask for Kate; nor was his agitation at all diminished by casting a glance at her, and seeing her cheeks crimson and her eyes downcast, as if she anticipated what was going on in his mind.
asked another man, bringing down a brawny paw, with a resounding thump, upon the Herculean shoulders of the first querist, thereby giving me the information that in the West alligator is a designation of the genus homo; in fact, that it is customary for a man to address his fellow-man as " old alligator, " instead of " old fellow. "
Those within saw something pass over the opening in the roof; they thought from the shadow it cast that it must have been some huge bird -- and then they heard a thump upon the ground. "
The rest of the company thronged around him in his triumphal progress, marching in unison to the braying of trumpets and the thump of drums, whose rude music sounded strangely
At the second thump, a hole was broken in her side, the seas poured through and over her, and she began going to pieces.
With what pains, and thumps, and whacks at school we first learned the way to put words together!
I would observe that the whole club always join in the chorus with a fearful thumping on the table and clattering of pewter pots.
All this I43 did at the risk of getting a brutual thumping, for Aunt
Tom stepped upon the block, gave a few anxious looks round; all seemed mingled in a common, indistinct noise, -- the clatter of the salesman crying off his qualifications in French and English, the quick fire of French and English bids; and almost in a moment came the final thump of the hammer, and the clear ring on the last syllable of the word " dollars, " as the auctioneer announced his price, and Tom was made over.
He remembered a long walk to Fulton Ferry, a sort of holiday for him; he remembered a considerable practice in capitals, and writing generally, afterwards; he remembered still more clearly a severe thump upon his head, given by Mr. Blimmer, very gratuitously (as Jerry thought), later in the day.
at New-Orleans; if I hadn't gone down and gin the English a thump on 23d December, they might have licked me on 8th January.
There was nothing now but uproar, above, beneath, and around us; footsteps stumbling pell-mell up the public staircase, eager shouts and heavy thumps at the door, the whiz and dash of water from the engines, and the crash of furniture thrown upon the pavement.
also the monotonous thump of the distant Indian wabeno drum.
Why, Crowder, you are one of those fellows in every party, who are allowed to make a noise in proportion to their real want of confidence and information; in the same way as poor Bill Baffin the stevedore thumps and whistles and plies his mallet on the outside of a ship on the stocks,
Those within saw something pass over the opening, and then heard a thump on the ground. "
All this I did see, and I saw it either while I was on the top of that rock, holding by the flag-staff, afraid to move lest the rock should tip over among the houses, and afraid to let go, lest I should be blown away; or I saw it, after I had escaped; but furthermore I can not say, for while I was looking about me and wondering at the beauty of the
At early dawn, the day following Clifton's receipt of the challenge, a row-boat with two oarsmen and five passengers might be observed moving over the placid surface of the noble river, towards this picturesque and secluded spot; and just as the sunbeams tipped the summit of the mountains, the party disembarked; and Clifton, Ellingbourne, Matthison, Shafton, and the surgeon proceeded to the execution of their hostile purpose.
Go draw the cork, tip the decanter; but, when your great toe shall set you a-roaring, it will be no affair of mine.
The chamois figures largely; there are pouches made of chamois skin, walking sticks and alpenstocks tipped with chamois horn; sometimes an entire skin, horns and all, hanging disconsolately downward.
He boldly tips the wink to the bar-maid, at such genteel places as the Madison House -- sips, and pulls up his shirt collars with a jaunty air, and sometimes will sit down to a quiet rubber of whist, in the back parlor.
Tip over the salt, and the fat's in
We have brought the sun's rays -- they shall make thee a pen That shall tip as with fire all thy words unto men; And we'll bring thee for paper, on which thou shalt write All thy songs of pure joy, and thy visions of night, E'en the clouds in our heaven, in their lights and their shade, With the gleams of pale sunshine that over them strayed.
He was of a middling stature, inclining to corpulency; with a sanguine complexion, a low forehead deeply shaded with bushy black hair, that absolutely refused to conform to the sleekness of his order; a keen gray eye, which had a peculiarly cunning expression from a trick he had early acquired, and of which he could never rid himself, of tipping a knowing wink; a short thick nose turning upward; a wide mouth, with the corners sanctimoniously drawn down, and a prominent fat chin following the direction of his nose.
Soldier Tip us the glass first, dye see, I like no song, that goes by wind alone, so let us
A long line of railroad presidents and superintendents had come to the depot to see him off, and tipped their hats as he glided out into the open air.
This said, Cook, the attorney of the commonwealth, who sat close to the person of the prisoner, rose to address the court; but the king, having in his hand a staff of ebony, tipped with a little head of silver, laid it upon his shoulder, and, in the deep tones of authority, commanded him to " Hold! "
you know, is not a stoic (Though here one ought to be), begs your permission, In a few lines, and somewhat less heroic Than are these first, to send you his petition; -- Which humbly showeth; -- Here are four As hearty men as walked the planet, Who're running up a frightful score, (' T is now five days since we began it,) For baked, stewed, roasted, with McAlif; Footnote: 1Kb And, as we're earning nothing here, But eating beef and drinking beer, -- We speak not now of eau de vie, And rum, and lemon ratafia, Footnote: 1Kb -- We really begin to fear That we shall all be after meeting, On our way homeward, a " bum-bailiff, " With his tipped staff, and civil " greeting. "
I confess a realm may, in despite of God-he of hi * own wise judgment so givin0 them over unto a reprobatemind-exalt tip a woman to that monstriferous the properties and perfect offices of a lawful head; for the same God that denied power to the hand to speak, to the belly to hear, and to the feet to always deep, and at the same time true to natui-e. "
If you hadn't have come just as you did, Clin, this chap would have been off like a shot from a shovel, his young modesty was so shocked just by my telling him the state of affairs in the house here, " said Quirk, tipping back in his chair against the wall, while a sneer mingled in the smile upon his lips. "
Faith, now,  chimed in Teddy, tipping me the wink, " the man that wouldn't belave all that asy, wouldn't belave that the moon's made o ' graan chaase, nor that Metooselah (blissings on his name of scripter mimory!)
And as she spoke she tipped one of the minims off a chair, offering the vacated seat to the gentleman, who, not noticing that it was a nursing-chair, some three or four inches lower than usual, plumped into it after a peculiar fashion, a specimen of bathos far less amusing to the young officer than to the infant Larkinses, who burst into a very natural laugh. "
As the plank tipped, the body slid off slowly, and fell with a splash into the sea.
Nor was he a whit behind the major in tipping his glass; and though there was a review on the following day, to which they had invited the major, out of sheer respect to his fame
The Cupid of the ancient Hindoos tipped his arrows with flowers, and orange buds are the bridal crown with us, a nation of yesterday.
It's smashing work, but it won't do for you, Spooney; you're little, black-muzzled, queer in the legs, and have got a cold; nature and sleeping with the windows open have done wonders in making you fit for the hintellectuals, and you shall tip ' em the sentimental in Hamlet. "
This last question was put in such a comic manner, with that one eye tipped up towards him, that Guly could not repress a smile; but he cordially satisfied him on that point, feeling still able, in spite of his diminished salary, to pay for a beggar's dinner, which is more than many, with their well filled purses, can make themselves afford to do.
With other accomplishments, Cheesy has learned to smoke; and often, in the evening, you may see him standing in the door-way of some public building, with his hat tipped jauntily one side, puffing his penny cigar, and ogling the crowd.
He couldn't look upon their wonderous and perfect mechanism with a cold or unbelieving heart; but his best and warmest affections went upward with their sweet odor, and were acceptable to Him who had tipped every petal with a heavenly message.
It is then, when the " grim-visaged " ocean has " smoothed his wrinkled front, " -- when the winds of heaven are hushed to gentle airs, and the cloudless moon looks down upon the scene, tipping the crests of the lazy waves with silver, -- that the memory and imagination of the wanderer are busy; it is then that the scenes of childhood and of manhood -- the forms of friends, more loved because sundered from them by thousands of miles of water and land -- all rise before him in original freshness and beauty.
It's as good as was ever tipped over the tongue of king Charles, God help him, and Satan leave off helping the queen and his bishops.
Tip us your bone, says I, and make yourself welcome.
Jem Duncan I will first of all, tip it to all round.
Another loved the Spaniards because they had given him a stick tipped with silver.
And I had better tip this private secretary in the manner described by Gil Blas, when he was confidential secretary of the Spanish minister.
Jump into the boat, Patty; not the least danger in the world of its tipping over. "
Of my pearls, coming down, I will form thee a crown, To encircle thy brow young and fair; Every leaf on thy stem Shall be tipped with a gem, Every bud sparkling diamonds shall wear.
The whole is enclosed with an iron railing tipped with gold near the Palace, and terraces having a double row of tile trees are raised along the north and south sides.
Th * floor of your room is sloped at an angle of twenty or thirty degrees, and I waked every morning wit the belief that some one was tipping up my berth
they expand, the spotless white of its gaping corolla is exhibited, with its protruding stamens tipped with yellow anthers.
It was pleasant, in the summer forenoons, -- when the fervent heat, that almost liquefied the rest of the human family, merely communicated a genial warmth to their half-torpid systems, -- it was pleasant to hear them chatting in the back entry, a row of them all tipped against the wall, as usual; while the frozen witticisms of past generations were thawed out, and came bubbling with laughter from their lips.
But are you prepared to furnish Boozle the means to tip the member? "
The words of peace which they had just heard seemed to have availed them but little, for every brow was blackened, and every tongue tipped with oaths and execrations.
Thus -- thus the ravisher went forth; Like meteors o'er the cloudy north: Thus -- thus the desperate boy went down, In splendour o'er the mountain's brown: His vestment streaming far behind, And glittering in the rushing wind: His dancing plumage tipped with light, Like eaglets in their loftiest flight -- As now he darted on the sight, And met the sun's last rays: -- Now hidden in the forest shade -- Emerging now -- and now betrayed By plumes that in the sunset played; And robe that seemed to blaze!
-- the assault irresistible, -- " how would you like to go it in uncle Billy Shakspeare, and tip the natives the last hagony in the tragics? "
In keeping tip this perpetual warfare upon the spirit of the institutions under which they live, the moneyed men and their agents, the lawyers, are probably not actuated by any worse motive than the influence of their personal position.
This is urged on by giving them whiskey; making bets on them; laying chips on one slave's head, and daring another to tip it off with his hand; and if he tipped it off, it would be called an insult, and cause a fight.
He was on his way to the bend meadow, and passing close by Winthrop at the spring, the opportunity was too good to be resisted; he tipped him over into the water.
Why,... hesitating... why -- a -- a -- Tip him a fee Middleton, said Gage in a whisper.
Why did not our traveler " tip em the siller? "
And here I've lived and wrought for near five years, until Captain Tracy, and a likely boy he is too, tipped me the wink, and then I followed him to the wars, and maybe I haven't been a bad thorn in the side of the Britishers?
This process through the past, our author traces tip to the point where, with a redundant population.
We could not see the brig as she came on, except by tipping down the boat, so we knew we could not be seen; and it the boat was discovered we hoped they would pass it as a drift-boat, and not take the trouble to heave to for it.
She treasured up all the old traditions, and though she repeated them truly, they came from her mouth in brighter pictures than from others, because she tipped all the edges with her own golden fancy.
The young mountaineer now eager to redeem the time, unslung from his belt a horn, tipped with an agate from the brook, and sounding loud and long for a minute, restored it to its place, and followed his dog with athletic bounds, not even turning his eyes again in the direction of the Moorish cot beneath the tower.
His jests, unlike some jests that we might name, Had nothing in them of a mouldy savor; But fresh, and apt, and tipped with point they came, To put grim Melancholy out of favor; To drive Imposture to his den of shame, To scourge Pretence, and make true Merit braver: So that you granted, after you had laughed, Though Wit had feathered, Truth had barbed the shaft.
Go draw the cork, tip the decanter; but, when your great toe shall set you a-roaring, it will be no affair of mine.
coffee-bean, - When lawyers take what they would give, And doctors give what they would take, - When city fathers eat to live, Save when they fast for conscience ' sake, - When one that hath a horse on sale Shall bring his merit to the proof, Without a lie for every nail That holds the iron on the hoof, - When in the usual place for rips Our gloves are stitched with special care, And guarded well the whalebone tips Where first umbrellas need repair, - When Cuba's weeds have quite forgot The power of suction to resist, And claret-bottles harber not Such dimples as would hold your fist, - When publishers no longer steal, And pay for what they stole before, - When the first locomotive's wheel Rolls through the Hoosac tunnel's bore; - TILL then let Cumming a blaze away, And Miller's saints blow up the globe; But when you see that blessed day, THEN order your ascension robe!
with the greatest precaution, and, glancing every moment towards the bed, and almost tipping himself over in his anxiety to walk softly, advanced to the rude door, which opened with a wooden latch and string, opened it carefully, and looked out.
Here's a gentleman'll bet with you, ' he added, addressing a crony of his, and tipping him the wink; I say, Mister, take this gentleman's bet, and,
and many's the time he's tipped Aunt Fanny's venerable nose with indigo.
From its anchorage to the wharf its tall mast reached, and tipped with its wavy shadow the countenance of a quiet idler,
In the rear of the company of spear-men marched a strong body of common soldiers, bearing the customary Mound-builders ' instruments of war, namely, vast steel bows six feet or more in length, and quivers filled with correspondent shafts tipped with poisons, and on their left arms bearing the usual shield of copper with bosses of silver.
vast swells of the omnipotent sea; the surging, hollow roar they made, as they rolled along the eight gunwales, like gigantic bowls in a boundless bowling-green; the brief suspended agony of the boat, as it would tip for an instant on the knife-like edge of the sharper waves, that almost seemed threatening to cut it in two; the sudden profound dip into the watery glens and hollows; the keen spurrings and goadings to gain the top of the opposite hill; the headlong, sled-like slide down its other side; -- all these, with the cries of the headsmen and harpooneers, and the shuddering gasps of the oarsmen, with the wondrous sight of the ivory Pequod bearing down upon her boats with outstretched sails, like a wild hen after her screaming brood; -- all this was thrilling.
-- The moon was in its western field, white and clear as silver, with which it tipped the bursting waves.
The major then made a hasty toilet, and together they entered the western dining room, the size and splendor of which quite astonished him, for the walls were inlaid with mirrors from the ceiling to the floor, and reflected the guests and each object with which the table was set out, while the ceiling overhead was decorated with frescoes and stucco work tipped with gold.
splinters -- yet as the person spoken of was a tall man, and warped in the shoulders, he made out to look down on such petty malice: so having conquered all things and opposers at home, Mynheer, who was not one to lay and rust like a nail, bethought him of an astonishing idea -- no less than of making a visit to the Vaderland, for the sake of improvement, and being polished like a gentleman: so having petitioned the honourable and awful council of Antony Colve for permission, which was granted, to depart, with the addition of that excellent warrior's giving Mynheer a military travelling title: (though by the by, he had never handled any weapon except a saw or a hammer:) he set out, and after a time returned so much edified and smoothed by his journey, that the whole colony was thrown in amazement: without denial, he was surprisingly altered -- and it was astonishing to hear him tip his daden, ' that is,
This is of the same height as the preceding, flowering at the same time; flowers much larger; one variety white, tipped with red; another yellow, tipped in the same way; all are easily cultivated in a rich, loamy soil.
Knocked he then, and tipped the table; Polly ran and screamed for fear, Hadley cut as fast as able, Those unearthly knocks to hear.
Her eyes were as bright as stars, and her slender hands, tipped with their pink nails, as white as the lily; her tiny feet, encased in Cinderella slippers of rose-hued satin, peeped out from beneath ample Turkish trousers, which were semi-transparent and disclosed the outlines of her beautifully turned limbs; she wore a close-fitting gilet of pearly silk, adorned with gilt fringe and cut low, displaying her snowy neck and magnificent shoulders; her arms were encompassed but not hidden by flowing sleeves of filmy gauze as fine as the tissue of a spider's web; about her neck flashed a collar of brilliant diamonds of enormous value, and on her tapering fingers were rings of emerald, ruby and sapphire; on her head was a red fez, precisely
WE took tip this volume without much expectation of pleasure or instruction.
And your tame red skin has concluded to do the same thing, I reckon, seeing as how he got the mitten, ' added the scout, tipping a knowing and saucy wink to Zilpah.
The boat tips over ever so easy, and don't you think, the other day, when we were out with the girls, we tipped over right where the water was overhead, and we all had to get onto her bottom.
Still he blenched not, but made a desperate lunge with the tough horn tipped bow, full at the open mouth and yawning throat of his assailant.
Those uncomfortable persons, however, were not yet satisfied, and tipping their tongues with the unkindest venom of all, they began to talk of a wealthy and accomplished young lady, somewhere, whom it was rumored the doctor was shortly to marry, in spite of little flirtations at home, that some people thought meant something.
though the pen was tipped with fire, To touch the soul, and teach it to aspire.
must heave anchor -- for as I tipped you a glass or so since, the little gentleman who's rigged in black velvethath shipped the province a new ruler -- but the dog is wind bound at Catsdown, and be damned to him: thof diabolo, his convoy parting company, hath brought to in the very jaw of the sound; we slipt her in the fog, and were it not for policy, in spite of her iron teeth, we'd muzzle her -- but d'ye see, they might send the despatch in a leaden cannister to the sea's bottom; so mark me, Dutchman, without spinning a long yarn, we must have her papers or our jig's up; for thof we have friends in Old England, as Kid says, who will bring us off, it is hard to treat with the conqueror after the flag's down: now ere I steered here, a canoe rowed for the creek in which was the king's messenger; the galliot herself, I
Hearty's toast was received with such enthusiastic applause that, amidst the confusion of the moment and the whisky, in endeavouring to make a dignified descent from the chair, it tipped over, and he fell to the floor of the Boon House, as many had fallen before him -- without the dignity attendant upon Csar at the base of Pompey's statue.
Well, the Jacksonites took the dose in one hand, and grab'd the Huntonites with the other, and tipped their heads back, and were jest agoing to pour it down their throats, when the Huntonites fetched a spring and kicked it away to the fourth day of April.
interposes the Judge, tipping his glass, and preparing his appetite for the course of game-broiled partridges, rice-birds, and grouse-which is being served by the waiters. "
he inquired, tipping his chair against the bed, the starry counterpane of which was surmounted by the young man's hat. "
H. borrusorum rex, H. robustum niveum, H. macanthrum, white and yellow variotf.es, tipped with purple, and the varieties approaching purple ae very fine.
In his right hand he wielded, with an air of mighty importance, a slender black rod tipped with silver, from which hung at one end a small slip of black crape, and a. narrow leather thong was tied to the other end-symbolical, it was thought, of the summary course of justice in Corea.
My own particular water-sulky, a " skeleton " or " shell " race-boat, twenty- two feet long, with huge outriggers, which boat I pull with ten- foot sculls, - - alone, of course, as it holds but one, and tips him out, if he doesn't mind what he
The far dim woods Were tipped with amethyst; beneath me stretched The town of Eld bespangled with its lights; Above me,
, sir, ' said one of the fellows, pocketing his V, and giving the other to his companion -- ' we can't exactly let you go, but if you tip us over and run for it, perhaps we shan't be able to overtake you. '
Strain was not sorry he had acted on the hint of the landlord at Casa Bianca and propitiated the drivers, for nothing was easier than for them to save themselves and yet, at the same time, tip the occupants of the birlocna to Hades below.
Tip us a sixpenny then, Miss, and no blarney. '
Charley tipped a sly wink at him, unperceived by Arthur, and answered: " We're only going to Carrolton, to stroll through the gardens; that's all. "
Walter goes to Washington -- Office-hunting -- Tipping, 331 CHAPTER XXX.
Well, I went back with the beer, and just as Bridget was tipping the glass up to her thick lips, Jim bounded behind her like a panther, and held her arms tight while I took little Biddy and scampered into the house.
In the description one or two of the distinctive marks are omitted, such as the white spots below the eyes and behind the cheeks, but it appears to correspond to the characters which belong to this species in all other respects, except that it is somewhat longer and has its ears // tipped with black, which is a characteristic of the Lepus Timidus, or common hare of Europe.
I can't see three seas off; tip us up an oar there, and let me on to that. "
This is of the same height as the preceding, flowering at the same time; flowers much larger; one variety white, tipped with red; another yellow, tipped in the same way; all are easily cultivated in a rich, loamy soil.
The mourners formed a lane from the altar to the door, each holding a long, unlighted, wax taper, tipped at the larger end with red, and ornamented with fanciful paper cuttings.
By the mirror's show While thou ne'er wilt know Thy beauty, nor proudly thy jewels bear, Every leaf on thy stem Shall be tipped with a gem, Every bud sparkling diamonds shall wear!
Upon my life, now, but you can't have much comfort aboard here, " spoke the frisky little man, in a voice of singular effeminacy, as he tipped the narrow brimmed glazed hat that had covered his narrower head
The parted mouth of Tashtego revealed his shark-white teeth, which strangely gleamed as if they too had been tipped by corpusants; while lit up by the preternatural light,
But the third Emir, now seeing himself all alone on the quarter-deck, seems to feel relieved from some curious restraint; for, tipping all sorts of knowing winks in all sorts of directions, and kicking off his shoes,
You see, I just tipped Jim Stokes the wink.
Arrah, now, master, be asy -- and just tip a little bit of a prayer, and a blessing with it, for me every night.
Among the " unrecognized dead " by the late RAILROAD ACCIDENT, was a female child, about three years of age; fair complexion and hair; had on a red dress, green sack, white apron, linen gaiters, tipped with patent leather, and white woolen stockings.
There are two species or varieties: A. rubra, with shining red berries, and A. alba, with milkwhite berries, tipped with red.
53 represents a tree, the lower part of which has ceased to grow, in consequence of over-fruiting.
In selecting plants for pyramid trees, choose those that have branches or branch-spurs within a foot of the ground, and fairly distributed along the stem.
This mode of walking the tree is only practicable where the trunk declines considerably from the perpendicular.
The low murmurs of the little stream along which we rode -- the wind that sighed through the naked branches of the trees -- the rustling of the fallen leaves over which we passed, all seemed to speak a voice of warning to my fearful spirit. "
They dressed and broiled a few steaks of it, but hesitated to build a large fire, for fear that straggling Indians might see the smoke rising above the tree tops, which would direct them on their trail.
you, Loretta, that last night, just about dark, as I was walking near you cottage on the hill, with a beech tree on one side, and a chestnut on the other -- " " What! "
The old trunks of trees rise round Like pillars in a church of old, And the wind fills them with a sound As if a bell were tolled.
If I was superstitious, " said Thodore, as, emerging from the trees near the margin of the bayou, they came in full view of the largest mound, " I should believe that the sun -- which it is said the Indians worshipped -- in reproof of our unbelief of his divinity, and detestation to the truth of their religion, has kindled a flame upon the summit of the Temple. "
* We can not but think, therefore, that those, who would adorn their grounds with magnificent trees, should wait for the slow but sure operation of Time, in place of resorting to an expedient, which, to say nothing of its expense, requires to be tried by a long and general experience, and of the success of which we have as yet none but imperfect, and apparently not very impartial, statements.
Bind me Hortensia, firmly, to yon chesnut tree, stout smith; but do not harm her.
; Around the fires of blazing pine, Through the dark wood that nightly shine Before the wigwam doors, appear A thousand flitting hosts, that scorch Their rash wings in the dazzling torch; Wayward and glittering in its flight, The fire-fly, now its light revealing, And now the transient glow concealing, Sparkles amid the shades of night, And through the trees, in fitful gleams, Of wandering mood, a spirit seems; In deep morass, the croaking throats Of frogs their dreary songs combine; From dismal swamps, the solemn notes Of owls in gloomy hootings join, And heard around, the hamlet nigh, Are fox's bark and panther's cry. "
Next you will see what magnificent trees may spring from an inconsiderable acorn, in a couple of live oaks, the emblems of strength and immortality.
As a simple-hearted clergyman read the service, the words sighed mournfully among the withered branches; and through the intervals of the trees came a glimpse of the broad Hudson, rolling in long waves, each wave tinted with the last glow of the departing day.
The air grew dark, the trees swayed and roared in the rising blast, and there was every appearance of a sudden and furious storm.
He would have followed her, but stumbling against the root of a tree, before he could recover himself she was at the outskirts of the wood, in sight of the farm-house, and though he might overtake he could not detain her.
From hollows, in the butts of old trees, and recesses under projecting cliffs, he succeeded in finding enough dry fuel to start the fire anew, and soon it shot up a bright bold flame as before. "
Although he could not force me to fulfill // the contract, he could blast my life in its bloom - wither the tree to the core-make a desert round it-poison the very atmosphere that gave it nourishment and strength -- and wait patientto see it die, leaf by leaf; and branch by branch, This was his devilish project.
Onward he toiled, sadly and doubtfully, frequently disturbed by some crackling above him, as the young panthers, snuffing his approach, leaped along from tree to tree, and rock to rock: and starting ever and anon, as if some creature of the upward element were at his elbow.
Flower passed the tree a few feet, and rested her delicate foot upon a stone of singular appearance. "
In a few minutes from the time they halted, they had finished their preparations for passing the night here; the horses were loosed to graze and rest themselves, a hasty, rude shelter made from green boughs, which they cut from the trees, was prepared for Coquese, and a bed of the same, arranged for her.
The season best adapted for transplanting fruit trees is a matter open to much difference of opinion among horticulturists; a difference founded mainly on experience, but without taking into account variation of climate and soils, two very important circumstances in all operations of this kind.
XL), pass into one another with a force greater than the pressure of a column of water seven hundred feet high; so that, to elevate the sap in a tree, or to drive the blood in an animal, is an insignificant demand on the energy which this force could put forth.
But when a graft is taken from one of these trees, and placed upon another stock, this grafted tree is found to lose its singular power of producing the same by seed, and becomes like all other worked trees
Of course, prosperity mated herself with him, and the fields grew broader and wider, and the shadows of the orchard trees covered all the ground, while flocks of cattle and sheep dotted the pastures.
He retreated a little space to a tree, while the savage standing at about six yards ' distance paused a moment with his tomahawk brandished high in air, and apparently deliberating in his own mind, whether he would close with him at once, or assail him from that distance.
The intervening country is covered with dense fir forests, almost impenetrable to the midday sun, and obstructed with fallen trees, upturned roots and stumps, and a perfect jungle of undergrowth, through which the most energetic traveler can accomplish but ei *, ht or nine miles a day.
It sounded like the voice of Paralus in his youth, when we used to sing together, to please my grandfather, as he sat by the side of that little sheltered brook, over whose bright waters the trees embrace each other in silent love.
The country ain't much else but one everlastin turpentine plantation; and all one can see for miles, is millions upon millions of pine trees with the bark half off, and the white turpentine runnin down ther sides, and lookin like so many tall ghosts
The winds were then harmonious in the trees, And jocund were the spirits of the air, That all night long upon the passing breeze Were wont to fondle with my tangled hair; And now, though still melodious, they are deep, And, like thy cadence, often make me sleep!
Mr. Emerson says of it: " The American Holly is a handsome, low tree, with nearly horizontal branches, and thorny, evergreen leaves.
Hastening to a little knob, which gave them a wide prospect in the direction of the sound, they looked carefully through the trees on each side of them, and great was their horror, when they saw Shoonshoone standing close by a thicket, his gun, which he had just discharged, by his side, and a huge bear with an angry howl rushing upon him.
The sighing of the wind, as the branches rise and fall upon it, -- the occasional note of a bird among the trees, and the shifting of light and shade upon the tombs beneath, have a
I did not speak to you of the great tree on what used to be the Colman farm, in Deerfield, simply because I had not seen it for many years, and did not like to trust my recollection.
The new sorts ' are all budded on the French Eglantine, and form small trees, that require to be kept free from the suckers which push up from the roots, or the graft would be impoverished and die.
The tree is but little cultivated among us, though highly deserving more extensive favor, both on account of its value and beauty.
/z/ Of the Poplar (Populus) there are about fifteen species described; but it is necessary to mention only two as timber trees: the white poplar, or spreading poplar (Populus canescens); and the Lombardy poplar, or poplar of the valley of the Po (Populus dilatata), which is spire-shaped, has its branches at very small angles with the trunk, and runs up to a great height.
The last arrows, with scarlet plumage, flew upon the wind, toward the habitation of their enemy; and the circling trees around, seared by the whirled tomahawks, gave terrifying evidence to the kind of combat that was to follow -- no quarter?
Days of care Were meted to him, and long nights of grief Weigh'd out, and then that little, wailing one Went to her mother's bosom, and slept sweet ' Neath the cool branches of the Hopia- tree. '
Then he sits on a tree, and looks wise, as father says.
Let any one, if he does not already know hy daily observation and can not see it the moment he looks, measure fifty trees, and he will hardly find one that does not taper; not regularly, indeed, because many accidents give irregular and highly picturesque forms to trees; but he will find the law of the natural growth of a tree to he, that from the time it leaves the ground it begins to taper, and tapers out to its extremities.
At the Big Trees, we enter a dell, quietly lapped in the mountains, where the majestic vegetable minarets are crowded, as in sonme city of pilgrimage; there to look up, for the first time, in silent awe of the mere life principle.
in these autumnal hours, When fairy colors deck the painted tree, When the vast woodlands seem a sea of flowers, Oh!
He turned off from the road, and led her back into the woods a little way, in the same path by which she had once gone hunting for a tree to cut down. "
I tried to argue him out of this notion; but, unfortunately, could find no tree without these characters -- some high up, and some lower down in the trunk -- some large and others small -- but still to be found on every tree.
Dark caves, Worn by the foamy buffeting of waves; The blue abysses of the moaning sea, Where coral insects fashion dome and tree, And mermaids chant, by mortal eye unseen, And comb in sparry halls their tresses green; The broad savannah, where the bison strays
As the tree increases in size, the roots near the body exhaust the soil of nutriment, and the absorbents, or fibrous spongioles, become hardened by age, and incapable of action.
Guano affords an admirable liquid-dressing for trees (especially when exhibiting a languid growth) applied at the rate of an ounce or /z/ two in a pailful of water, distributed for a space of three or four feet around the tree.
In the first case, suppose it is desired to form a group of trees,
The borders should be deeply tilled and rich, and the trees may be planted quite closely.
They are felling the nations like trees on their way, And
If a landscape be drawn, and all finished with common colors, except the leaves of the trees, the grass and the sky, and the latter be finished with this sympathetic ink, and the two former with the adulterated solution just mentioned, the drawing will seem to be unfinished, and have a wintry appearance; but, upon being held to the fire, the grass and trees will become green, the sky blue, and the whole assume a rich and beautiful appearance.
The bill of exception states: That the slave Sam, in the indictment mentioned, of getting drunk, and dealing, as the slave confessed and alleged, with Henry and Stone, two of the witnesses for the Commonwealth, he caused him to be tied and punished in the presence of the said witnesses, with the exception of slight whipping with peach or apple tree switches, before the said witnesses arrived at the scene after they were sent for by the prisoner (who were present by request from the defendant), and of several slaves of the prisoner, in the manner and by the means charged in the indictment; and the said slave died under and from the infliction of the said punishment, in the presence of the prisoner, one of his slaves, and of one of the witnesses for the Commonwealth.
When large poplars of this kind are growing near a house of but moderate dimensions, they have a very bad effect by completely overpowering the building, without imparting any of that grandeur of character conferred by an old oak, or other spreading tree.
or two above that: the Red Coats need leveling a cursed sight more than the trees, at this crisis.
Colonel Brady, who is active in daily perambulating the woods, to make himself acquainted with the environs, seeking, at the same time, the best places of finding wood and timber, for the purposes of his command, brought me a twig of the Sorbus Americana, a new species of tree to him, in the American forest, of which he asked me the name
There they dug, and enriched, and watered, just as every cultivator of trees or grain gives his chief care
Several rods, or shoots of that thus oddly consecrated tree, were accordingly selected, cut and carefully trimmed for the purpose.
A /z/ due south slope, is, south of New- York, frequently found too warm for many fruit trees, in soils that are light and dry.
What a richness must clothe even the language of sermons composed in such pleasant shades -- the cool wind loaded with fragrance, leaping from among the trees upon the brow, and playing refreshingly among the hair!
and find that the sound of the wind in the trees, and the singing of birds, are much more agreeable to our ears than the incessant barking of dogs and screaming of children.
to the great chesnut trees, through forests growing out of the lava, in several places almost impassable.
As she was going on, suddenly issuing from behind a tree, appeared to her in her dream, the same lady who had talked with her after meeting, Miss Amy. "
This canine rabble surrounded the tree, and, with vain efforts, attempted to scale the trunk, or started towards
The refugee laughed, and at that moment Herman heard a noise on the bough of the oak tree, as of some animal rending away the bark; and looking up, he beheld what he had not before seen in the gloom, -- the body of the dead traitor swinging with a sort of jerking, convulsive motion, as if still alive.
By ascertaining the time when these eggs are laid, and tying straw or matting round the trunk of the tree, its injuries are easily prevented.
the howling wind, like ten thousand furies, came crashing and roaring through the forest, bearing whole trees on its driving wings, while others bent low before the blasting swoop of its leveling might!
It invites him to adorn his deformities, and not to cast them off by expansion, as the tree its bark.
more to impede the current of the water; while the accumulating moss, as the bog earth is called in Scotland, went on increasing and heaving up, so as to bury the trunks of the trees which it had destroyed.
Finding no tree on the strand, we stuck our oars in the ground, and to these we fastened our hammocks.
Leaving his faithful dog to guard his herd in the pass, the young mountaineer left the spot where they were collected together, and going a few steps along a ledge in the cliff-side, he came upon an open space, about which grew several clumps of wild olive trees.
Limestone, gravel, or coarse sand, with a small mixture of clay, /z/ forms a good soil for a vine; vegetable substances alone should be used to enrich it, such as the leaves and tendrils of the vine, the residue of the grape when pressed, and, failing these, the leaves of trees collected when green and formed into a compost with earth.
Our tree is commonly found on a rather dry, sandy
The knight still leaned against the tree, lost in a vague but delicious reverie.
There should be trees in every street, without exception, -- trees about the Markets, trees in front of the shops, and on the docks, and shading the manufactories. "
He took a delicate piece from the small of the back, and was just on the point of putting it to his mouth, when a tree close by made a creaking noise.
In the long, narrow, flat island, covered with a few ill kept farms, with one or two mean houses and straggling trees, there certainly is nothing to attract notice; yet not a steamer passes it but that a group collects on the hurricane deck, to ask for the " shrubbery which Shenstone might have envied, " the " music that might have charmed Calypso and her nymphs, " and the " wife who was said to be lovely even beyond her sex, and graced with
Among the pines, the scattered groups of our partisans were bivouacked, mostly without tent or covering, save that of the trees and the heavens.
others assert it to be a resinous gum, exuding from certain trees, and collected by the bees like pollen.
Scraping, an inferior species of turpentine, is the deposite made by the sap on the bark of the tree, as it trickles down into the box.
@@2219 Page image Hic Fructus Virtutis; Clifton Waller Barrett - Paste-Down Endpaper with Bookplate: heraldry figure with a green tree on top and shield below.
/z/ For practical purposes, the numerous insects infesting fruit trees may be divided into four classes; 1st, those which for a time harbour in the ground and may be attacked in the soil; 2d, winged and other species, which may be attacked among
The boy objected that his father was near, but he was at length prevailed on to go, and after they had fired the tree, and while they were busy killing or taking the squirrels, the hunter suddenly made his appearance, and clasped the strange boy in his arms.
house of Autronius upon the Quirinal, whither I sent thee to bid him to dinner the next day -- he shall confirm the tale -- when thou didst hear a cry of murder from the Plebeian graveyard on the Esquiline; and hurrying to the spot, didst see Arvina, with his freedman Thrasea bearing a torch, conceal a fresh bleeding body in a broken grave; and, hidden by the stem of a great tree thyself, didst hear him say, as he left the ground, ' That dog will tell no tales! '
that at the grand festival of St. Nicholas, which might perhaps assimilate to a twenty-fifth of November dinner of our own modern Corporation, that not only the Chief Scout, but the lordly and substantial burgomasters, and the well fed Schepens of the honest city of Nieuw Amsterdam, or New-York, all appeared arrayed in certain calico morning gowns, which were adorned in lieu of bloemates, with orange trees and singing birds: the which material, had formed part of the cargo of a Spanish galleon which Kid had lately captured, and openly sent into the bay, consigned, as usual in these cases to some respectable trading firm; much in a like manner as our late uncommissioned privateer captures of the ships of a friendly nation; and for which an agent of the original owners had instituted a suit of recovery before the above mentioned Scout, who acted as Judge, together with his other municipal capacities; and as might be expected, the said suit shortly after the aforesaid festival of St. Nicholas, was decided
The great variety of rich colors, shades of scarlet, crimson, and purple, which the leaves and stems of this plant assume, and the situations in which we see it, climbing up the trunks and spreading along the branches of trees, covering walls and heaps of stones, forming natural festoons from tree to tree, or trained on the sides and along the piazzas of dwelling-houses, make it one of the conspicuous ornaments of the autumnal months.
All the stars laugh, When upward she looks: All the trees chat In their woody nooks: All the brooks sing; All the caves ring; All the buds blossom; All the boughs bound; All the birds carol; And leaves turn round, Where Yillah looks!
forest, and the trees were as straight as an arrow, and so tall that their tops almost seemed among the clouds.
The tops of the trees are far below, and as one looking down upon them hears the various cries and whistles of the birds come up, and marks the vultures wheeling round in aerial circles over the trees far below one's feet, then it is that you realise that at last the forest, with its world of foliage, has been surmounted.
Another runs thirty feet on scaffolding, and then ascends an aspen tree, spreading over its branches to the height of about forty feet; the tree full of grapes.
scenery; and the two latter are generally low spreading trees, valued entirely for the excellency of the fruit, or the suitableness of the.
It is an excellent protection against mid-summer drouths, which so often prove destructive to newly transplanted trees, after they have appeared in leaf.
The North American trees composing the genus Magnolia ire certainly among the most splendid productions of the forests in any temperate climate; and when we consider /z/ the size and fragrance of their blossoms, or the beauty of their large and noble foliage, we may be allowed to doubt whether there is a more magnificent and showy genus of deciduous trees in the world.
Here, you seat yourself, as friend with friend, in the shadow of green trees, under the loving skies.
Wielded in one hand it was useful in clearing away shrubs and branches, but almost harmless upon large trees, and the Indians,
The shadows of the forest vibrated and flickered on the yellow leaf-strewed earth and through the green underwood; the trunks of the trees shot up, in straight, rough, tapering stems clear through the branches into the sky.
The foliage of the trees was every where so thickly interlaced, excepting the narrow footpath which opened before him, that scarcely a single ray of light could be discerned among the branches.
When they alight, if on the ground, they cover whole acres at a time; if upon trees, the branches often break beneath their weight.
tree grows so very slowly after attaining some size.
A fellow can't drive tandem without having his leader always out of sight ' round some twist or other in ' em.
Then the immense power of muscle is displayed in the concentrated energy of the spring; he flies through the air and settles on the throat, usually throwing his own body over the animal, while his teeth and claws are fixed on the neck; this is the manner in which the spine of an animal is broken -- by a sudden twist, and not by a blow.
to compass the contrivance of a twist traverse-net machine.
Patrick Molony Here he is, your honor -- Pat gave a sly twist from the ground and surprised him!
And yet, though Bremen has extensive and increasing manufactories of cotton, it has not enabled us to furnish her artisans with more than 12,000 bales of the raw material annually, because British twist continues to be admitted free.
Mr. Leycraft's case is a very bad one, ' says the keeper with his twist in his mouth.
The diddler approaches the bar of a tavern, and demands a couple of twists of tobacco.
Alberto The world is rank with life, no twist or turn, But some untoward imp has crossed my path, One kicks my heel, or treads upon my foot, Then follows with a thousand score of words: Sir, upon the word of a Catholic; Saints and devils sir, I did not mean it,
Frank and Salisbury were both of them seated on the top of a desk; the former, generally silent, relieved himself by sundry twists and contortions, smacking of the lips, sighs, and turnings of the eyes, varied by a few occasional thumps administered to Salisbury, who sat by him, apparently unconscious of the bellicose attitude of his neighbor, listening
There was dust in his hair; " " there was a twist in his reins; " " his mane did not lie straight; " " he had not been properly grained; " " his head did not look well; " " his fore-top was not combed out; " " his fetlocks had not been properly trimmed; " something was always wrong.
Truly it was a talisman; yet if you had looked at it, you would have seen nothing in it but a little twist of golden hairs tied together with a blue silken thread.
See, how de road twist round my house.
And first, at the risk of being considered metaphysical, -- thourr we fear no metaphysician would indorse the charge, - let us define what we mean by mdividuality; for the word is commonly made to signify some peculiarity or eccentricity, some unreasonable twist, of mind or disposition.
As for the jerk given to my neck upon the falling of the drop, it merely proved a corrective to the twist afforded me by the fat gentleman in the coach.
But only see how he uses the world, and plays his scheme, and foils his adversary and twists and bends his plastic morality, all because he is not troubled with scruples, and has no faith in God or duty!
bough to bough, And hangs in many a dull festoon; -- There, peeping through thy curtain, thou Mayest catch some ' glimpses of the moon '; Or, better, twist of it a string, Noose in thy neck, repent, and -- swing! "
, and consequently of augmenting the quantity of twist produced, have been made within the last few years by American mechanics; but these machines cause a large quantity of waste, and they are therefore by no means established in general use as real improvements.
Thus we continued working and soliciting for the last eight months, though the demand for yarn has been unprecedented, and the consequent rise in twist great; they have still refused our just request; and in order to cause a belief that trade was in a declining state, gave notice that they should only work three days in the week, which appeared so extremely ridiculous, that the yery children employed
Now, ' says I, Gineral, let me have your specs, ' says I, a minit ' -- and I took ' em to the window, and give the screws a twist
which hung upon his lips, to sooth that which he deemed the irritation of the person who had thus directed his speech to him, and to free himself from his company; but his endeavours were fruitless, the sage was not so easily to be shaken off, neither would he allow utterance to ought that seemed to interfere with the purport of his parlance; and he was truly dogmatical in retaining his unwilling listener, for having griped him firmly by the sleeve lest he should escape him, and in spite of the twists and jerks with which ever and anon his hearer strove to loosen the hold by which he was bound, and all unmindful of the distressed attention with which his prolixity was received, he pertinaciously continued to persevere in the motley tenor of his speech. "
It won't do to wait too long -- its only three years more afore we shall want another President, and we ought to spring to it now jest as the Gineral says about the Bank -- that's got only three years more to run, and he is afraid it can't wind up as safely by that time as it can now, and so he's goin to give it a twist on 1st October -- and we mean to follow it up till we nock it all to bits, unless Biddle resigns, and
And Mr. Bivins, with a complacent look, took a small chew of tobacco; first offering the twist to the pallid Mr. Quid, who, it is needless to say, declined.
Usaldo Is it the devil whispers, That I should ' twist this accident to my purpose?
ugly twist with my own, which he admits having received on my account. "
wild madness of despair could conjure up, came flitting by like clouds that are gathered in the train of a midnight storm when it musters in wrath; the past, though dreary, looked not so bleak and cheerless and black as that to come: it was a long and darksome track, such as is shown to the fainting traveller's eye by the lightning on a desert wold; but yet mid all he wept not; no tear-drop dimmed his sight, but his eyelids grew hot, like curtains of burning fire, and the balls stood unmoved, full and wide, nor turned to either side in their glassy gaze, and when excited by the anguish of his mind, forgetful of bondage, he would strive to start from earth, and twist and writhe in his bonds until the blood would trickle from their stretched and tightened clasp, and break his convulsive dream; then recalled to reality by the agony of his wrung limbs, he would give o'er the vain and idle strife which but increased
Give each slip a slight twist, and press it down hard into the needle with your fingers.
which grasped tightly his neckcloth from behind, and giving it a sudden twist, curtailed his powers of respiration to a most annoying degree.
The Gineral he was stump'd; he look'd at me, and gin his face a twist, and then he look'd in the cup, and shook it.
About the time when these discontents first broke out, Archibald came accidentally in contact with a yankee named Copely, Chester Copely -- a strange, cold blooded fellow, with resolute features, light grey eyes, and a remarkably muscular, sinewy frame; of the middle size -- with a little twist in his neck, to the left, that cost him many a pleasant gibe.
This threat, from one whom they had vested with authority for this occasion, had a manifest effect upon his auditors, who were presently highly wrought up by the sight of two or three little mounds of tobacco twist, which were now laid before them, and appeared to infuse new life.
Why, ' answered the scout, with his peculiar comic twist of features, I have actually seen a sign or two, that I have never known fail, except in the dryest of times.
One twist o ' the wheel -- wire crooked -- cut -- holes punched -- teeth placed -- just like the human fingers -- more exact -- when a committee of the national institute were invited to see it, in Paris, they laughed at the specification -- they said it was impossible -- they saw it.
Frank had drawn up his face into a very grave and confidential twist, when Mrs. Paget's equerry, the young gentleman before mentioned, offered his arm, and, giving Frank a withering look, warned the lady of the time. "
By my sowl, sir, it wasn't one, but two of them I saw, skulking, like thieves from a Kilmainham twist, behind a hay-stack.	98:103	0:124	 By my sowl , sir , it was n't one , but two of them I saw , skulking , like thieves from a Kilmainham twist , behind a hay-stack .
They are all very easily propagated by layering in July: give the shoot of the present year's growth a twist, and then bury the twisted part six inches under ground; in November it will be well rooted, and can then be cut oif and transplanted in any desired situation; the tasteful husbandman may thus cover every unsightly fence rail.
Draw on one side of it a figure with balls, and on the other, two balls only; then taking one of the strings between the forefinger and thumb of each hand, close to, the card, twist or twirl it rapidly round, and according to which pair of strings you use, the figure will seem to be tossing two
In another rencounter he had received a permanent twist in the neck, which gave him always the appearance of looking over his shoulder, and added not a little
Owing to these advantages the greater quantity of twist produced, its consequent cheapness, and its adaptation to the purpose of warps for power-loom cloth of the coarser kinds it is probable that the throstles will come into use more extensively than at present.
English simplicity often has a very artificial twist; with the French it is just the reverse; art becomes a second-nature, with them. "
I say nothing for myself, for this twist in my neck has become confoundedly troublesome of late; and I am nothing to be compared with Archibald, as a swordsman.
The difference ' between t &ese,.and; those newly brought into an employment IS ' the same as between regularly drilled troops, and militiai " A sort of twist or gimp, ' * made in Great Britain, ' * whichcost three shillings making, when first introduced, is now manijftctured for a penny, and this solely through the inoreased dctieriiy of the workmen, without the interventionof fmiy new machine. "
urged the Squire, toying with a bit of twist upon the table. "
/z/ The falling mould, D, is drawn in the same manner as the outside falHiig mould, C, e.vccpting its being shorter, which is occasioned by a difference of length between the inside and outside of the twist part of the rail.
I can tell you, my little man, " was the old gentleman's reply, as he looked down upon Zeb's queer face, turned up towards his own, with a slight inclination to the right, and a twist of the mouth to the left, while the earnest protrusion of his dark sparkling eyes, and the honest confidence expressed by all his features in combination, rivetted the stranger's attention to the person of our hero, though at first overlooked in his examination of the travellers who had arrived in the stage. "
It may seem strange, very strange, gentlemen of the jury, " said he, " that in such weather, a twist of paper like these " -- holding up the notes in two separate parcels, and in such a way as to show that they were loosely and lightly twisted at one end only, the other ends having been carefully unrolled for verification -- " should have attracted the attention of the witness; but he will inform you that they were blazing when they fluttered by him, and struck the snow, and that just when he was about trampling on them with his foot, he saw something which led him to snatch them up
, and d 6 equal to one riser; divide d 6 in six parts, and draw the line 1 and make 1 a equiil to the distance from the face of the second riser to the beginning of the twist; make a 3 equal to the distance from a, on A, where the twist begins, to 3, where the rail becomes horizontal; divide / " 7 on C, into seven parts, also fS into seven parts, and by intersecting the lines 3 fT, the curve of the top rail is given.
A half-smothered groan escaped from her uncle's ashy lips as he sprang up, and running his eye over the notes once more, gave them a twist, crushed them together, and flung them into the fire.
passing the weft threads between them by common plyers, delivering them to other plyers on the opposite side; then, after giving them a sideways motion and twist, the threads were repassed back between the next adjoining cords, the meshes being thus tied in the same way as upon pillows by hand.
Introduce a piece of common " twist, " as large as a kidney bean, into the mouth of a robust man, unaccustomed to this weed, and soon he is affected with fainting, vertigo, nausea, vomiting, and loss of vision.
Jest say when, cappin, and I gives him sich a twist as will make him see daylight in another world, I reckon.
At this the skipper could not help, in spite of the awe that pervaded him at the research and talents of the judge, ripping out a huge swinging oath, and giving his mustachios an undaunted and defying twist that made all stare again, and was about to make an appeal -- but Dirk, interposing, said he had not yet finished, for that on account of the complainant being a resident of another county, he was doubtful of his jurisdiction in the business, and he therefore supposed that the affair of the costs would be best referred
Let the graft be carefully held in it &; due position, and secure it with cotton twist, Russia matting, or threads of worsted, whichever is most convenient; then cover the bandage with well wrought clay, or grafting wax, which is made as follows: Two ounces beeswax, one ounce tallow, four ounces common pitch, twelve ounces Burgundy pitch, all melted together, and used when warm, with a brush.
the ' counts, and run the chance of lettin Congress skip ' em over; and I tell'd you too, that I would to rights git the Gineral's specs, and giv ' em a twist round to a plain sight, and let him take a look at things jest as they be, without a bit of glory ' about ' em.
What I have heard of Bramins sitting exposed to four fires and looking in the face of the sun; or hanging suspended, with their heads downward, over flames; or looking at the heavens over their shoulders " until it becomes impossible for them to resume their natural position, while from the twist of the neck nothing but liquids can pass into the stomach "; or dwelling, chained for life, at the foot of a tree; or measuring with their bodies, like caterpillars, the breadth of vast empires; or standing on one leg on the tops of pillars -- even these forms of conscious penance are hardly more incredible and astonishing than the scenes which I daily witness
With these words, my accomplished associate drew from his pocket a twist of tobacco, which, as he rode slowly along, he bit into sundry small pieces, suitable for his purpose
With innumerable odd jerks and twists of his head and shoulders, the boy was kicking the article in question across the faded carpet.
breaking off his approaching marriage with Ida; that he had, accordingly, borne a message from Elkington, upon receiving which Mr. Wyndham had become exceedingly pale and alarmed; and that, after having refused to fight, although urged to it by provocations which no gentleman could endure, and still refusing, he, the general, took his, Mr. Wyndham's, nose between his, the general's, fore and middle fingers, and pulled the same; and that the operation had been performed with so little resistance on the part of the operatee, that he should have repeated it at short intervals, when not otherwise engaged, wherever the said Wyndham presumed to show the said nose in society, only he, the said Wyndham " (and in this part of the account the general gave such huge twists with his body, and such ghastly contortions of his wounded cheek, as to render the description extremely lively and impressive), " had had the meanness -- the cowardice -- the -- " (
He had so adjusted the cord that, by inserting a pistol-butt into a loop of the rope, he could contract it in a moment by a single twist. "
And when after gaining his own deck, and his own pivot-hole there, he so vehemently wheeled round with an urgent command to the steersman (it was, as ever, something about his not steering inflexibly enough); then, the already shaken ivory received such an additional twist
With a twist of his wrist he had whirled the bow of the boat in the direction of the bank they had just left, and was paddling away for dear life.
Did not I, sixty years ago, lie on the shelf and laugh as I saw her stand by the half hour before the glass, giving an extra twist to her curl and an additional dash of white powder on her hair -- now fretted because the powder was too thick, now fretted because it was too thin?
When this is done bind it up with damp matting, or cotton twist, all except the bud, (see fig.
curious lawyer's twist, that helps us along considerable.
And the diminutive hand of the young lady was raised to her own short locks, which no process of " binding up " yet discovered, could possibly have coaxed into a twist behind her head.
the narves of the rigdum flagdum in circumnavigating through the humorous rusticus, deflastigated by the horrentibus oribus sort o ' twist the aures arrectos into asinos, and that you see, to a man of larning makes the whole thing as clear as one of elder Sillyway's sarmons. "
the blessing of Saint Bridget be on you, for you have saved poor Peter's neck from the twist, master -- and the doctor will cure you in a week, as sound as a church bell -- Only now take a little of the swate stingo to warm your stomach, dear.
Well, thinks I, if things look so to the Gineral, as they do to me threw these specs, I don't wonder so much that he don't always see ' em as other folks do; and then I went to work, lookin into the contrivance; I give one screw a twist one way, and the glasses
Think how these jolly old cocks tower away, with their shrill whistle, through the tree-tops, and twist and dodge with an agility of wing and thought-like speed, scarcely inferior to the snipe's or swallow's, and fly a half mile if you miss them; and laugh to scorn the efforts of any one to bag them,
Nor is there any occasion for the service of the cake-making, candified, sweet-scented confectioner, that knows the most fashionable, and last approved spices used for his cakes, or the latest twist, and the most graceful curves his candies should be wrought into.
-- But come -- veer away there on the larboard tack -- that's right, -- we'll be within hail, and let fly a broadside, in a twist of the " tiller " -- that's your sorts -- steady -- so -- so!
Suppose that y o is the distance you intend the centre of the scroll to be from the beginning of the twist; from o draw p perpendicular to o G on 0, with the distance o G, make the quarter of a circle,?
Mr. Leycraft's case is a very bad one, ' says the keeper with his twist in his mouth.
endured from the furies, that " I might thank my stars they had not taken a twist of the rope round my neck, instead of my wrists and ankles! "
Analogous, perhaps, to these trifling deformities, was an almost imperceptible twist of every joint, and the uneven prominence
said Jones, repeating the words of the other, as he began to assume his old comic twist of features, no, unless you might call him a kettle drummer; for now I think on't when we first came into the house where we found him, he was at it hammer and tongs upon an old brass kettle, making clatter enough to crazy a small nation. '
The Gineral, he was stump'd, he look'd at me and gin his face a twist, and then he look'd in the cup and shook it.
He who could give to a text the most fanciful twist, the most recondite allusion, was esteemed the ablest divine.
The pedler whistled to his mare and went up the hill, pondering on the doleful fate of Mr. Higginbotham, whom he had known in the way of trade, having sold him many a bunch of long nines, and a great deal of pig-tail, lady's twist, and fig tobacco.
He knows I am the best friend about him; whenever they get things in any kind of a twist, or a snarl, says he, Major, do you unravel that.
From seven o'clock a.m. till ten p.m. affairs are in a twist.
This caoutchouc was occasionally called Indian rubber or rubber of twist, and was no doubt one of the numerous fungi.
cried the ruthless despot; and, at the word, the Trailer gave but a single twist to the pistol, and the boy screamed aloud with his agony.
He knows I am the best friend about him; whenever they gets things in any kind of a twist or a snarl, says he, Major, do you unravel that
They cherish a certain cultivated frown, and condemn by a twist of the lip, and are very sure never to praise any who may come within hearing of their praise, or whose proximity might throw their own stature into the shade.
, Palsied with this, he quails at death to night, Who would have curst the heavens yesterday, In the face of its bright glorious sun; And wrung an infant's neck, with as little Of hesitating conscience, as twist straws.
Grace forgot for once whether she was in company or alone -- forgot every thing but the surprising certainty that Howard and Fenton were the self-same person -- every trace of displeasure vanished from her face, unmixed delight shone in her brightened eye and glowing cheek, and without noticing the joyful expression of her aunt's face, the ludicrous twist of William Armstead's mouth, or the sympathy that moistened Ellen's eye, she gave Fenton her hand, and in virtue of his being friend, lover, or cousin, one or all, permitted him to devour it with kisses. "
The coiffures were equally diversified, ringlets, crockets, twists, tye-tops, crape cushions, toupees, sustained and enriched with brass and gilt clasps, pins, silk and velvet fillets, feathers and flowers.
Her cheeks were red; so was her nose; so were her eyes at times, when the horny knob took a harder twist than usual.
To go about running into gutters, and poking street-pools and rag-heaps -- and I should'nt wonder if it disagreed with me so much as to make me twist my face and beat myself, and do such goings-on, that every body'll say, Fyler has lost his reason. "
Not that the gift of decyphering written characters -- a gift among the commonalty of that day considered little less cabalistical than the art of inditing -- could, in strict justice, have been laid to the charge of either disciple of the sea; but there was, to say the truth, a certain twist in the formation of the letters -- an indescribable lee-lurch about the whole -- which foreboded, in the opinion of both seamen, a long run of dirty weather; and determined them at once, in the pithy words of Legs himself, to " pump ship, clew up all sail, and scud before the wind. "
This matter has not a little surprised the Squire; he has reflected upon it profoundly: his demand upon the village stock of Virginia twist has been unprecedented.
, and d 6 equal to one riser; divide d 6 in six parts, and draw the line 1 and make 1 a equiil to the distance from the face of the second riser to the beginning of the twist; make a 3 equal to the distance from a, on A, where the twist begins, to 3, where the rail becomes horizontal; divide / " 7 on C, into seven parts, also fS into seven parts, and by intersecting the lines 3 fT, the curve of the top rail is given.
And so I thought when I got near enough for my eyes to look fairly into those black holes, with a twist of foam around them, that seemed to screw, as it were, right down through the yaller water of Konnedieyu. "
But what is the reason of this strange twist in his logic?
But, " she continued, still reading from the letter, " if I should say as much to him, I dare say he would quarrel with me on the spot -- " Here Arthur changed the tune, and gave another twist in the chair. "
Jamie had also recognized him, and remembering the abstraction of the twenty dollar note, began to feel the fears of suspicion coming over him, and turning his back was shuffling off with his shape so altered by an ingenious twist of his body and a stooping of the shoulders and a bowing in of the legs, that when Donald's eyes first beheld him, he hesitated in deciding whether it were Jamie or no.
He knows I am the best friend about him; whenever they gets things in any kind of a twist or a snarl, says he, Major, do you unravel that.
This Anaconda of the Dismal Swamp wound its constricting twists about the neck of all your
Young gentlemen, have a couple of eighteen-pound shot got up; pass the word, there, for the sail-maker's mate.
The agony which shook him was too deep for words.
I know, " said Hobbleshank, pushing his open palm toward Puffer Hopkins, " don't say a word; I know all about it.
This day I sent word to Kincaid and old Chambers, that Andrews was in the mountains, and they informed his father-in-law, who immediately went out for him, and found him and Chambers at the forks of the caon.
/q/ " Few and short were the prayers we said, " And we spoke not a word of sorrow; " But we stedfastly gazed on the face of the dead, " And we bitterly thought of the moiTow. "
mark, I say, my words, for they are of the Lord -- the next campaign shall be
Was it the unrecognized, unallowed sense, that the one of all the world who most longed to have him obey that word, might be to- day beyond seeing him obey it -- for ever?
I scarcely ever spoke without watching the countenance of Ernest to see the effect of my words.
Others suppose it was because the court had cognizance of a certain crime, the Latin name of which has a close affinity with the word star.
But the monarch had grown moody and thoughtful, as we have seen, when he realized that his slave loved another; and every word she now uttered in his behalf was bitterness to his very soul.
I described my impressions frankly, and with what language I could command, concluding with the words, " In short, I do not like him.
The words of the last command have fallen from the lips of the ascended Saviour, and the apostles assemble to deliberate how they shall carry them into execution.
Protestant, it is your boast to read the written word of God.
do not possess, and promising no fidelity, that circumstances may forbid you to manifest, and you will then speak the words due to merit, perfectly free from falsity, and acceptable in the sight of God.
Yes, to my brethren now struggling in the field, to the unborn millions who from this land in future shall send up their orisons of praise for liberty and independence; to all who, free themselves, shall think of those who made them so, and bless me too, perhaps, among them, as a martyr-patriot; to them all -- now when death looks me in the face, in shape the most appalling, yet unappalled myself, and true as is the heaven in which I trust -- these parting words I leave for legacy: Would that I had another life to give thee, O my country!
that men should do to you, do ye even so unto them, ' men listen with the highest admiration, so long as their attention is called to the words, as embodying a mere intellectual proposition.
You say that with rather guess feelings, Hal, from what I said, the very same words, down at the pond,  replied Clapham.
he cast his vengeful eye Upon a group of captives nigh, Replying to the word of fear, And anguished cry with brutal jeer -- Surveying chain-encircled limb, And gaping wound with visage grim, Then murmuring with purpose dark -- " A pretty banquet for the shark! "
That lovely girl, whose face I had often seen, in the forest, although -- as she swept so proudly by me -- I had never exchanged a word with her. "
Here are the words of the platform: " Resolved, That we recognize the right of the people of all the territories, including Kansas and Nebraska, acting through the fairly-expressed
been so much abused in this country by the rude agitation of what are commonly called politics, that he does not think the word now used with us comports with the dignity of the theme; and the second part of his title is adopted from a conviction that the economical principles of states are to be deduced from their separate experience and adapted to their individual condition.
I could remember was, " Search the Scriptures; " but whether these words were the injunction of some kind friend, or of the Holy Book itself, I could not remember; they were continually before me.
I have nothing therefore, to offer you, but my simple word.
I almost wish Thou didst; for I have feared, my gentle Tamar, Thy spirit is too tender for a law Announced in terrors, coupled with the threats Of an inflexible and dreadful Being, Whose word annihilates, whose awful voice Thunders the doom of nations, who can check The sun in heaven, and shake the loosened stars, Like wind-tossed fruit, to earth, whose fiery step The earthquake follows, whose tempestuous breath Divides the sea, whose anger never dies, Never remits, but everlasting burns, Burns unextinguished in the deeps of hell.
my lord, your words are strange to me, and full of terror.
The line is uneven -- the words are interrupted.
Its whole process, therefore, may be expressed in two words, development and discipline.
One other peculiarity of Richardson's Dictionary, to which we have already incidentally adverted, consists in his manner of illustrating words by selections from English authors.
The word office, now in common use, is from officina, which signifies a place in which work is done.
Have I not spoken words, whose power Is as an adamantine chain, -- Linking me from this fatal hour To falsehood, sorrow, guilt, and pain?
Pontus Cominius Nay, mock me not; Wrong not my nature by such words, I pray.
his arm in that of his friend, and, in hasty words, he related his present position. "
Armed with this spirit -- embodied in ritual and constitution -- you will hasten to your various circles, scattered over the surface of the Globe, and swell your divisions of the great Fraternity, by new converts, and go on in your great work, until the masses begin to feel that the Spirit of the Carpenter's Son, freed from the body of the leaden Church, walks divinely over the earth again, speaking to the poor, words that are mightier than armies. "
this, convinced me her words were not idly said. "
I detest a woman like a walled city, that can never be approached without your being reminded that it is inaccessible -- a woman whose measured premeditated words sound always like the sentinel-cry, all is well! '
The noblest word in the catalogue of social virtue is " Loyalty, " and the sweetest which
As Arnyte paused before the dungeon of his father, he scarce recked the words spoken by his conductor, but his eye busied itself in search for the revered form, in its darksome recesses, with glances wild, and rapid as those with which the wood-pigeon regards the movements of the fowler -- There is no passion that debases the more generous sentiments
The multitude received the words of the alfaqui with acclamations; they were delighted with the idea of a third king over Granada, and Abdallah el Zagal being of
Had I been thine,  said Cortes, gravely, " thou wouldst have fulfilled thy word, and hanged me, wouldst thou not? "
At this moment, Mehevi, who was present, angrily interrupted him; and the words which he uttered in a commanding tone, evidently meant that he must at once cease talking to me and withdraw to the other part of the house.
The words implied that she could; an implication she would not deny; but her answer was another burst of tears.
If the definition given above be correct, all that is substan // tial in this virtue, or, in other words, all that is really essential to it, is within the reach of every man, woman, or child; of the poor as well as the rich; the man of plain common sense, no less than the genius or the scholar.
Lead on, that I may escape this storm of words.
The word of the Chiefs was obeyed, excepting by a few of the Ioways, who appeared to be determined to keep their places, notwithstanding the reiterated command of the Chiefs.
Mr. Incledon shok his head sadly, and gave up the discussion without further words. "
Most fortunately Willy happened to be acquainted with the driver, and urging Edith to enter, and then whispering a word in the ear of his old acquaintance, sprang in himself and closed the door.
Aurora warn'd the trembling dawn, The silent prince to kindling friendship true, Unbound his girdle rich with Tyrian hue, Cast o'er the shepherd youth his royal vest, And wreath'd the glittering baldric round his breast, With love's strong force his mild resistance quell'd, And thus with gentle words the deed compell'd, -- -- " Take too this sword in fatal combat true, This bow well-polish'd of the stubborn yew, And when this radiant robe thy bosom dear Shall shield from tempests and from blasts severe, When the keen arrow from this sounding bow, Shall stay the footstep of thy deadly foe, -- Then think of him who gave these gifts to prove The sacred seal of everlasting love. "
In a word, the tide turned like a flood in favor of granting liberal supplies.
Thy voice gave answers to my prayers; -- Oh, could desires take word, From out my yearning soul would come The very tones I heard!
Who am with all humility, May it please your Majesty, " &c.; Not long after this, Doctor Burnet was discharged from preaching the Thursday lecture at St Clement's, for a sermon on the words -- " Save me /q/ from the lion's mouth, thou hast heard me from the horns of the unicorns: " This was thought of dangerous construction, because the lion and unicorn supported the king's escutcheon; so timid a thing is tyranny!
take something in the way of seignorage, or brassage; in other words, something for the price of manufacture more than you otherwise would, so as to counteract, a little, the tendency to melt the one or the other down.
not a word of all this to Uncle George -- not a word to Julia -- not a word to me from this time forward, I beseech you, dear mother, upon this painful subject, whatever you may think, or hope, or fear. "
Said the boy, in pleading tone; Ere his hot, parched lips could say The words, her feet had flown.
His slumber was long, but broken; and at length he awoke in terror; for he heard a voice pronounce in his ear distinctly these words; " They have brought the dead body. "
Scarce uttered were the words, when sprang From ambush her loved swain, and sang -- Cuckoo!
she replied; and, moved by the sweet word, she stooped down and kissed Priscilla; but not lovingly, for a
They must have been, and were, in the notes, as well as in the words of his wild fantasias, (for he not unfrequently accompanied himself with rhymed verbal improvisations,) the result of that intense mental collectedness and concentration to which I have previously alluded as observable only in particular moments of the highest artificial excitement.
To have said this in so many words; to have said it frankly at last
This, it is maintained, is an intuitive truth, believed by all men, as proved by their words and actions.
They all pledged their words, and took a solemn oath to the same effect before the altar.
But it can avail them no more than words uttered in the breath of the tempest that is raging up from the north.
I asked him who governed them; he stretched himself up and answered in one word, GtMl.
He who imagines that the two are equivalents, is ignorant both of the lessons of experience and of the secret and inexhaustible energy of God's word.
One word more, and the affair of the journey is finished.
A thousand such dukes might disappear, and we could tell, without a doubt, what became of them all, the devil takes care of his own ' saith the adage -- " " Hast thou no word of the Lord
One woman is too frivolous -- another wants refinement -- one is too indolent and exacting -- and when you can make no other objection, why her style is a little too prononce " - - the last words were given with ludicrous imitation of his cousin's tone. "
I passed among the men with a word of encouragement -- a word of heart-stirring praise -- to each and all.
If you feel, " said Edith, recalling the words of her husband, " that there is danger in remaining where you are " -- " That was hastily spoken, " Edward Claire interrupted his wife, " and in a moment of weakness.
At every word the dread of losing her, the agony of apprehension, the dull cold sense of despair, waxed heavier, and more stunning.
There are hours when Nature may be said to hold intercourse with man, modifying his thoughts and feelings; when man reacts, and in his turn bends her to his will, whether by words or colors, he becomes a poet.
As these words fell from her colorless lips, her hands drooped by her side, and her hair seemed to rise upon her forehead.	11:16	0:124	 As these words fell from her colorless lips , her hands drooped by her side , and her hair seemed to rise upon her forehead .
the paroxysms of anguish came back with redoubled force; and in words too strong to be repeated, and such only as dying pains extort from consciences ill at ease anticipating greater anguish near at hand; fearful of the present, and more fearful still of that which is to come, she cried again and again, " It was I that did it; it was I that did it; it was all my work. "
It is hard if a man can not confide in the words of his fellow man.	45:50	0:69	 It is hard if a man can not confide in the words of his fellow man .
I propose therefore from the words of the text, I.
They bury her there, and with her bury the letter, whose last word is the name of her child -- of Madeline. "
Of two serious points, connected with this important portion of the xvoi'k, we can only say a few passing words, and can afford but small space for extracts.
Now, " said Mary Erskine, " are you ready to begin; because when you once begin, you must not speak a word till the half hour is out. "
Pardon my hasty words; vexation at my great loss (a serious one, I assure you,) for a moment overcame my temper.
Whether they incline in the right direction, is a point of more doubt, upon which a word shall be said before closing our article.
was the word the moment they had passed, as I gave them a halloo down the hill.
Whene'er a perspicacity absurd, Spies something wrong in every look and word, Takes great offence, with no offence design'd, The fault that's found is in the finder's mind.
As a mere attainment in language, it deals in words and names, not in substantial ideas and things.
Good Mrs. Goodwin heard never a word, But kept on with her wringing, And though the wind blew most dismally blue, She lightened her care with singing.
Scarce had the last of this train vanished from his sight, before the same tall savage to whose ear the parting words of Caonabo had been uttered, marshaled the little band which had been left
It will be observed that the words, " from out my heart, " involve the first metaphorical expression in the poem.
If they would reflect that this word sovereign is meaningless in America, if they would banish it from their vocabulary, and remember also, that the minority have rights, over which the majority can have no power, if they would ask whence the majority derives its power, if not from the whole people, they might be led to different conclusions, and might, perhaps, think it more in accordance with virtue to change constitutions by legal means than to overthrow them by the force of arms -- arms stained with fraternal blood.
As in the marriage service, that is the most important word here.
such feelings -- such wild, strange feelings as rush over me at the thought, are beyond the utterance of mortal tongue -- words could not express them.
The word of command rose to his tongue, when he felt a hand laid lightly on his arm.
He said he need not be telling his audience how long ago those words were spoken, for they would not be able to recollect it
The single word, as given to the boy Frampton, was uttered; and, in the next instant, came the sharp, thrilling crack of the rifle, fatally aimed, and striking the legitimate victim.
The title educability, is evidently bad, seeing that every faculty is susceptible of cultivation; in other words, capable of exercise and direction.
misrepresentations, proceeds, in his concluding paragraph, in these words: " In addition to the above, a number of other errors, consequential upon those indicated, might be stated. "
I was then taken below, and put into a cot, where I lay comfortable enough for the next three weeks, receiving visits every day from the doctor, and congratulations and kind words from all my shipmates, particularly from the boatswain and the men who were on the island with me; all of whom had been set at liberty, without being punished, and even Mr. Ruffally, the drunken swab of a young gentleman, was liberated from his confinement.
Oppressed with the grandeur of the music, and willing to evade the tacit reproach conveyed in the words, Aspasia touched her lyre, and, with mournful tenderness, sung Dan's Hymn to her Sleeping Infant.
I hurled after the scoundrel those vehement words of Demosthenes -- Andrew O'Phlegethon, you really make haste to fly, and then turned to the darling of my heart, to the curtailed, the one-eyed, the shaggy-haired Diana.
He must have set to his work with some such feeling towards the world, as he would probably think well expressed by the words, " There!
a book, by the way, concerning which no adequate word has yet been spoken; the best book ever written upon England, and which no brave young Englishman can read, and ever after commit either a mean or a bad action.
