Two minutes earlier, she'd pulled into the garage on a sunny afternoon, another school year over, U2 playing on the radio.
When the scruffy-looking teen showed up uninvited one afternoon at the artist's door, Sendak politely turned him away but invited Arthur to telephone him
On Monday afternoon the judges retired to their chambers.
lust jumped out of it, out of my seat, out of my job (for the afternoon).
She would pull Jillie out of school and out of his life and maybe Jillie was a figment of medicine dreams and he wasn't an alien But no, because the very afternoon Jillie didn't show up for lunch and he got sent to the principal's office for pounding his fist on his desktop in fifth period, he asked the secretary if Jillie was in school.
One afternoon in early fall, Mr. Gersten, an eternally boyish, 71-year-old former protege of Joseph Papp, was showing off the final stages of the Beaumont refurbishment when he came to the makeshift box office in the theater's dusty lobby. "
In the afternoon, I drove down to the square.
Old shopping lists and ticket stubs and wads of listed newsprint come falling around Pafko in the faded afternoon.
Then, finally, the afternoon of war in January and February this year, with Sheikh Mujib released from arrest and returned to power as Prime Minister of a new nation facing enormous problems.
I have already told Mr. Robichaux, Mr. Waymark and Mrs. Withers that you will return their calls later this afternoon. "
A week after the shooting, I opened the door one afternoon and saw her lugging three suitcases, two cosmetic cases, and a carton of self-help books up the porch steps.
Miss Ferrell called on Thursday afternoon and said she wanted to go over Julian's list for colleges with me after the SATs on Saturday, instead of our planned chat beforehand.
A Fairfax doctor and his wife, who were robbed of their Nissan Maxima at Tysons in 1989, said they were parking their car in Terrace B near Bloomingdale's in the early afternoon when a man with a gun demanded their car. "
I see some old deer sign and the tracks of a coyote that came through the previous afternoon when the snow was still wet with the afternoon's relative warmth; the
Out of all the things she could've been doing on such a pleasant afternoon, she was in a plush hotel bathroom, running game, as usual.
He and Joanne were going to play the lead roles in Picnic at that afternoon's matinee.
He was returning to his condominium from an afternoon jog when he was lured into a car, handcuffed and then taken south to the U.S. border at Niagara Falls. "
Services were held for him this afternoon at o funeral home in a Negro section of northeast Washington.
Then, that afternoon, the White House press office asked the three networks for one-half hour of prime time for a Presidential statement about taxes.
Rememberinghis exhaustion that afternoon, he thought he'd drop off to sleep quickly.
If he could have traveled to the afternoon of the tenth, prior to the accident and the shoot-out with Kokoschka, he would have done so in the hope of saving Danny.
Lady Dustan insisted he sit in a chair by the fire, though the afternoon was warm.
In the late afternoon we knocked off work, having unearthed the boulder to its southern polar slope.
Well, that doesn't last all afternoon.	30:39	0:40	 Well , that does n't last all afternoon .
Of course it was too early to expect a full report on the list of eleven parasites that Aachen had relayed to the comrades there; obviously museums and galleries would not open till ten, which would be four in the afternoon here.
She liked to go to movies in the afternoon and to seances in the evenings.
Peter had watched Huey whittling for much of the previous afternoon, but he hadn't been able to tell what Huey was working on.
@@312091 It was Saturday afternoon in New York, and the Journal-American's Columnist (" Man About Manhattan ") and Theater Critic John McClain had a date with Mrs. Anne Ford, recently divorced from Henry Ford II.
On circuit judges going to church in the morning were to wear scarlet robes, hoods, and mantles, and to sit in their black cornered caps, but in the afternoons to wear scarlet robes with stole and scarlet hood and again to sit in cornered caps.
Arlo Guthrie ON a late afternoon recently, The Bitter End, a small, cellarlike night club on
Later in the afternoon, she read me a chapter of the novel.
That Friday afternoon, June 24, John came home and went upstairs to take a nap.
ON TUESDAY afternoon, after my firm had closed its doors forever, I consulted with our aghast old lawyer, Horatio Carter, whose white cuffs fluttered like moths as I spoke, and told him that I meant to plead guilty to an indictment for embezzlement.
Well,  Mike Maloney said, " it's because while I was preaching to him at the table this afternoon, something began to happen.
This afternoon, Mr. Mahon opened the debate by conceding that, in the past, he and a majority of his colleagues had opposed major civil defense spending programs. "
And something to drink, for afternoon, " Waclaw told them. "
I had never swayed in a Pawleys Island hammock on a lazy summer afternoon.
How ' bout tomorrow afternoon at two?
Finally the whole bunch was waiting one afternoon at the corner of an alley on the route home from school.
The dry surface layer, lifted by the afternoon wind, dusted her damp skin.
But the world had not seen the bluff Cardinal weeping alone in his private chapel on the afternoon of Nov. 22, 1963, after he received news of the assassination.
Spade was at a table set for afternoon tea when the fortyish matron entered from Spokane's Sprague Avenue
Poet rode new bicycle into countryside on Christmas afternoon.
Shaw and the other recruiter planned to fly to Midland together in the afternoon.
By early afternoon he was on his way, the carpet rolled up and tied behind him.
Let's see, that's... " " That's one in the afternoon, Betty.
One afternoon, when we had been on the water about a week, I climbed to the roof of the bridge.
At a few minutes after one o'clock on Tuesday afternoon Carlo Tufa was able to stand on the floor of the valley, one hundred feet from the entrance to the ancient wine cellar, and look back up the mountain, over the terraces, all the way to the city wall and to the Thin Gate, and even a few yards inside it, and see one continuous line of people.
It is obvious that she has spent the afternoon at the beauty parlor.
@@61830 About three minutes before the tip-off of Sunday's Tournament of the Americas game, the Cuban players mounted what turned out to be their best attack of the afternoon.
The late afternoon sun accentuated the colors anti clearly defined the red, white, and blue flowers that formed a precise rectangular design be-low us.
In the afternoon, about 4,000 protesters massed in the central square and set up a podium under a monument to Babur, an Uzbek prince, where speakers complained of unemployment and living in poverty.
Mrs Stark, to compensate for not having been any help to him in finding somewhere to live, offered to contribute homemade snacks and left with him a little early on a Friday afternoon to help with preparations.
@@774723 1 Two Years Earlier // One weekday afternoon in May 2004, General George Casey bounded up the stairs to the third floor of his government-furnished quarters, a beautiful old brick mansion on the Potomac River at Fort McNair in Washington, D.C. His wife, Sheila, was packing for a move across the river to Fort Myer, in Virginia, the designated quarters of the Army's vice chief of staff.
received a long awaited oil delivery yesterday afternoon and the heat came up shortly after 4 P.M.
Partners left the meeting Saturday afternoon without knowing the results of that poll.
Later that afternoon, they all went for a walk to the caves at the far end of the beach.
She tried to take a nap in the afternoon, but when she didn't fall asleep she kept getting up to look through the kitchen window at Yiftach's house.
would often pass half the afternoon with A Company listening to the daytime serials.
These random thoughts of her friend led now, possibly through a natural association of Olga's mean street with the one on which that afternoon's miracle had taken place, back to her own emotion.
In those days the Flatbush Theater was the last place in Brooklyn where they still had vaudeville shows -- my folks would go with Louie's parents sometimes on a Saturday night -- and we used to have a good time on Saturday afternoons, wise-cracking and throwing popcorn at the people on stage.
I t was not to watch the seventh place Reapers take on the eighth place Mundys that a record-breaking forty-two thousandhad assembled in Reaper Field on a weekday afternoon -- rather, they had come, some from as far as two hundred miles upstate, to see justice done.
Late in the afternoon they stumbled, exhausted and worn, into the warm, gentle foothills where the jungle began.
LORD PENGO As it's my last afternoon here I have a few things to clean up.
Esposito has gone for an afternoon walk and fallen asleep, his walking stick in his hand, one knee bent, his head pillowed on a stone.
He spent whole afternoons in his study making notes for counter or improved proposals he thought he would send to Chipande or one of the other people he knew in high positions: every time he glanced up, there through his open windows was Muchanga's little company at the bottom of the garden.
And what the hell, it's only one afternoon a week for me but it's like the whole rest of their lives for some of these people. "
Two days later, we were caught by the patrol from the other battalion; that was in the early afternoon, and by nightfall we were handed over to this captainwho was given the job of escorting us back to our battalion, and then to the division.
Ari arrived at Kibbutz Revivim Tuesday afternoon, at the peak of the sun's arc across
In the late afternoon, all four brothers came with their wives for the end of Pchum Ben, when the ghosts of the dead can wander the Earth.
The notorious penchant of some women for want- | ing to see every last thing that is available before making a decision can ruin more than one afternoon.
afternoon that they can not impose a poll tax, why not tell them they can not impose a cigarette tax or any other tax? "
The sun will be in the afternoon sky before they can do that.
She had seen it coming that afternoon when he had lugged the two small green cases of files in from the car.
It was openly a fall afternoon, the sun soft and warm in the hills, the trees whispering, trading shadows right up the side of | the mountains, into the high pines and the dark ravines and canyons, and then back down again under the aspens.
There, on a steaming June afternoon, skulked a man in a tatty buffalo coat, the collar turned up and the brim of a big floppy hat turned down.
During the long afternoon of uncertain sleep a heavy, almost hot pressure seemed to swell in his ribcage.
I was going to give them to you this afternoon when you came prancing in with this very funny joke you're playing on Bus and the Navy and your country and the whole bloody world.
This afternoon we were given presentations and speeches in a windowless conference room crowded with desks and plastic chairs.
We lazed along through the afternoon, all three half asleep by the time we made the final mile before home.
On those afternoons by the sea, we knitted, Sheila and I, and talked about poetry and children.
Ronni's away for the afternoon, " he said. "
He's got all of you inside the camera box, got all the other broken bodies in there too, and when the battleship New Jersey sailed by on display th afternoon you were hit, he went on deck and go her in -- different lens, same box -- he's got all a Vietnam that floats his way inside the box, Insta matic.Panatomic, special film; there's nothing tha escapes his box.
By afternoon he was out of a job; he was also codefendant, with his paper, in a suit for assault and battery.
Then came an afternoon road winding high into the Western Ghats, the same road Michael would travel one day years later.
Shand's conjecture that tea and alcohol tended to be sex-divided beverages until the salon lured men to afternoon tea may be accurate for the middle classes after the 1660s, but it fails to explain what happened among working people. "
Remember that afternoon Peb disappeared in the dunes and they ended up searching for Eddem too in the fire truck?
I've never seen anything like it, " my father said to us all at tea that afternoon. "
I 'm in the flat on your left and generally free in the late afternoon after the day's work, the later the better. "
Twenty-one years ago, the Czechs tasted freedom for an afternoon.
Surely, over the course of the afternoon, that would become clear.
His adolescent son, a school dropout, gambles on my steps every afternoon.
Sitting in on a class in the late afternoon, listening to him draw on his experiences from his Stanley days, I imagined that beyond the nineteen young peo- ple seated in the room, he was speaking to all those he knew back home, explaining that he had done as well as any executive could, in a very changed world, to preserve Stanley as it was.
Apollo 15 is scheduled to racket out of lunar orbit Wednesday afternoon and head for earth and a splashdown in the Pacific Ocean Saturday afternoon.
I'd landed in early afternoon, local time.
At that very moment, the late afternoon sunlight streams through the willow trees like a breeze, lighting up Lucy with colors that come right out of the air, colors that Toshi can't even name.
In the afternoons, tea and what appeared to be crumpets were set out near a patio.
I ain't feeling so good this afternoon, " says the Barber.
Several scholars, chosen to spend a year doing research at the Getty, complained a few years ago that they were treated too well: tastefully furnished apartments with maid service, catered lunches with excellent wine, servings of tea and cookies every afternoon, no pressure to produce. "
|p165ONE LAST TIME we met by chance, Justin and I, on a hot Saturday afternoon of July, when I was on my way up Via Duomo.
last August the government uncovered a military plot to end the war by killing Saddam Hussein in a bomb attack.
Engel was already aligning the attack periscope as Gericke swung his glasses to focus on the two frigates.
The attack that really lent urgency to Lon Nol's requests for outside military aid (see THE NATION) was a show of Communist power and Cambodian impotence at Saang, a handsome French provincial town only 15 miles south of Phnom-Penh on the west bank of the Bassac River.
Indeed, they are widely seen to be an excuse for ongoing American and British bombing of Iraq; the targets have no relation to preventing Iraqi attacks against vulnerable minorities.
But as the trail of bodies that began with the first bombing of the World Trade Center in 1993 continues to lengthen, we need to ask why the attacks
After Israeli police and Palestinian demonstrators clashed on Jerusalem's Temple Mount a year ago and 21 Arabs were shot dead, a number of Palestinians retaliated with knife attacks on Jews inside Israel proper.
There had existed a remote possibility that the regimentalcommander might order the battalion of the division reserve to make the attack, and
We invite attack because our potential enemies know that the United States today could not survive a big thermonuclear attack.
// A West German intelligence official said there were strong indications that the Arabs were preparing an attack on behalf of Libya, but
When I had my heart attack, in Cambridge, two years ago, my lease was up, and I told Mr. Braun I didn't know whether I'd be coming hack, but he held the place for me without a lease, and he didn't raise the rent. "
The saturation attack squandered formations of surface darts, hypersonic cruisers and sub-orbitals with a profligacy unusual for the enemy.
Faisal under attack With the exception of heavy Algerian and Sudanese involvement, the degree of other Arab militancy drops rapidly in direct proportion to distance from Israel.
Begin's basic argument is that Israel must protect itself against attack, and it was reinforced last week when Palestinian terrorists struck a kibbutz along the Israeli-Lebanese border.
politician knows how to exploit this appearance of being under attack and gain audience sympathy.
When the attack came in the film or novel, it would be satisfying.
Among the attacks involving Chili's family that will be probed at this week's hearings is that against Lerothodi Ikaneng, a defector from the football club who went to the Chili family for help and was a friend of Chili's son Sibusiso.
In the heat of their anger, many Israelis interviewed today expressed frustration with the fruits of peace and Rabin's strategy for securing citizens against attack. "
I understand she had a heart attack,  Regan said quietly. "
We believe that the United States should pursue, on an urgent basis, serious strategic arms control negotiations consistent with the maintenance of overall parity with the Soviet Union, including, to the fullest extent possible: // - A mutual and verifiable freeze on the testing, production, and deployment of nuclear warheads, missiles and other delivery systems; // - Major, mutual, balanced and verifiable reductions of nuclear forces to lower equivalent levels, with special attention to destabilizing weapons that are vulnerable to or capable of preemptive attack; // - Strict adherence by both sides to all arms control agreements negotiated to date; // - Measures to prevent the use of nuclear weapons by each superpower, such as expanding political and technical mechanisms to reduce the risk of war by accident or miscalculation, including hot lines among nuclear weapons states and joint United States/Soviet stations to enhance the command and control of nuclear weapons systems; // - Systematic multilateral efforts, both political and technical, to restrain the reckless commerce in sensitive
' Much as the Wise Use Movement is a coalition, Pritchard believes its attacks will ultimately bring large and small conservation groups together. "
The formless couch was beginning to give me a sensory deprivation attack.
Develop an adequate passive defense in the form of shelters, civil-defense organizations, and means of rehabilitating the nation after attack.
This can happen abruptly in an acute angle-closure attack, or it can occur more insidiously in chronic angle-closure glaucoma.
political attack yesterday on Charles A. Buckley, who reH Isponded with a bitter attack on Senate Majority Leader! '
The drones came swooping toward us, and it became clear that their first attack hadn't been a mistake.
Some leaders, such as Jack Gravely, executive secretary of the Virginia branch of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People, point out that Mr. Jackson, through his unwillingness in the primary season to compromise and his relentless attack on some party practices, has so changed the standards against which black political leadership is measured that things may never be the same.
I didn't mean it to come out that harshly, but damn it, I felt under attack here.
@@379087 For the next decade, whenever there is a terrorist attack anywhere in the world, there will be those blaming it on America: if only America had not been distracted from the war on terrorism by the war in Iraq, if only America had not stirred Muslim resentment and increased al-Qaeda recruitment by invading Iraq.
Ten days after the attacks, State Department experts cataloged for Powell a dozen " silver linings. "
Lebanese gesture With the Palestinian fatalities in the Nov. 9 attacks, Syrian, President Hafez al-Assad could feel the need to make some gesture of support for the Palestinian cause.
But to take Pearson's attack lying down, day after day.
It finally subsided, and though he was exhausted for days afterward, he did not truly believe he had had a heart attack.
German U-boat attacks on American merchant ships had ended three years of debate about whether the United States should enter the war.
They have killed several unarmed civilians during attacks on agricultural cooperatives guarded by Sandinista militiamen who fought the rebels.
Seizing on a story with, so to speak, grass-roots appeal, some metropolitan newspapers and broadcasters devoted more space and time to the cleanup issue last week, than they did to the terrorist attack at the Iraqi embassy in Paris or anything going on in Congress.
Referring to the recent mayoral campaign in New York City, the Republican leader accused the Democrats of " dema- ' gogic " attacks and " making a political football " out of rent control.
As we will be discussing in Chapter 15, the value of levels of cholesterol in the blood in predicting heart attacks is not simple, although I think there is complete agreement that our diet should not make it go up too much.
The day is saved and the Indians routed only by the skill of Colonel Bouquet, who feigns a retreat, lures the Indians to the attack and, with a cunning that rivals that of his enemy, launches a countercharge by men hidden on the Indians ' flank.
The most dangerous plaques are those prone to rupture; the explosive release of clotting factors and other cells into the blood can cause a heart attack.
For nearly 16 years, Alabama's AIDS segregation policy was under legal attack by the American Civil Liberties Union and other groups.
The AIDS virus insinuates itself into the genetic makeup of T cells, destroying them or preventing them from orchestrating attacks on disease organisms.
The duty officer had programmed it to pass on word of the reported attack and had added the information that Shubra planned to respond to the call for help.
One was that Jordan's attractive blond companion, Martha Coleman, 36, a longtime civil rights worker in Fort Wayne, was in any way involved in the attack.
The terrorists behind the Madrid attacks were major drug dealers, with a network stretching from Morocco through Spain to Belgium and the Netherlands.
That puts them at elevated risk for a heart attack within five years.
In Part IV, as noted in the previous chapter, Schelling follows the same pattern in his discussion of protection against surprise attack.
Active for Islam specially in light of the terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001, it's important to point out the deep ecological teachings inherent in Islam, and the very real onthe-ground projects that have developed from them.
At least one face is familiar to U.S. investigators: Ramzi Binalshibh, a 29-year-old Yemeni who appears wearing a red kaffiyeh, was named as an unindicted co-conspirator of Zacarias Moussaoui, the French operative arrested in August and indicted Dec. 11 for planning terrorist attacks.
In preparing the psychological attack on a city, Genghis Khan began with two examples of what awaited the people.
Normally 50,000 people work in the twin towers, but the first attack came when many workers were not yet in their offices.
They feel the war in Vietnam could be concluded honorably if only the parties concerned accepted U Thant's three points, beginning with the first which calls for the suspension of air attacks on North Vietnam.
tightness and breathlessness, attacks of shortness of breath after strenuous activity, and being woken by an attack of shortness of breath (table 2).
I would have a sudden attack of swooning feminine weakness.
At any rate, this poor old Mr. Chandler had a heart attack last night, that's all I know.
During three separate attacks spanning 35 minutes, none of Kitty Genovese's neighbors tried to intervene.
Nevertheless, I needed to know more, to refute the attacks bound to come from the Temple.
They had a full-time job trying to protect the British destroyers stationed in the harbor, which were also under attack from Vichy French forces.
And yet, despite the frequency and deadliness of their attacks, almost nothing is known about individual bombers.
Watson describes his own shortcomings of laziness and lack of direction; his narrow escape from physical attack by a female crystallographer when he challenged her theories; the abrasive personality of talented Co-worker Crick; an incredible high school-level error by brilliant Chemist Linus Pauling that temporarily threw him off course, enabling Watson and Crick to win the DNA race;
I raise the question because this form of ad hominem attack is quite popular these days, especially (but not exclusively
This lands him in difficulties with Gothic architecture which he is forced to explain not as an expression of the feudal and monastic Zeitgeist but as an attack on it.
The Sept. 11 attacks, ironically, interrupted the last stage of the Administration's defense review, which was to focus on the need to retool the Department of Defense to deal with longer-term threats.
Albert responded to the attack by beating up the white man, a crime so severe for a black youth that he fled Union Springs, terrified that he would be lynched.
All I know is he had a heart attack.	31:37	0:38	 All I know is he had a heart attack .
Without such temperature sebsitivity, the vaccine viruses could well cause an infection at least as virulent as a natural attack.
At irregular intervals, Pasternak staged surprise attacks on the villa, testing its security.
distraught over the news of the attacks to humor me.
The Pentagon's shopping list for hardware would allow the Army to buy 840 Ml tanks and 870 Bradley fighting vehicles, the infantry's controversial new troop carrier; the Navy to get four new attack submarines, one Trident-missile sub, two cruisers, three guided-missile destroyers, various other ships and 120 F/A-18 aircraft, and the Air Force to buy 48 F-15 fighter planes, 216 F-16 aircraft and 21 C-5 cargo planes.
A great attack has to be made on the soggy complacency of some managements and the appalling indifference of some workers,  he declared.
in Saint-Rmy, France, Kirkpatrick declared she was " surprised and hurt " about the attack on her performance.
Soon she begins reading more of it --) Mrs. Jones, 56, died of a heart attack Wednesday evening at the home.
It was, said Jerusalem's liberal Jewish Mayor Teddy Kollek, " an attack and an insult " not only to Palestinians but to the very concept of coexistence between Arabs and Jews.
Birdie Tebbetts may have bolstered the Cleveland attack by using Ray Barker, who went to camp on the Portland roster, at first base.
@@342663 When the clandestine leadership of the Palestinian uprising issued a call last week for increased attacks on Jews " using all the means of struggle available, " the response was swift.
In 1835, when Ben Milam ordered an attack on San Antonio, one group refused to obey the order until Arnold could return from a scouting trip to lead them.
He was keenly aware that for his next attack to succeed he needed to prevent the Tyrians from concentrating their forces at that narrow point.
At our clinic, and at other top heart clinics across the country, our patients almost never have heart attacks, " Agatston says. "
' Some US officials are also angered by what they suspect is Assad ' s quiet encouragement of the attempted cross-border attacks from southern Lebanon into Israel.
men, the literary romantics as much as the philosophers, had been interested in overcoming the modern long before the attack on Pearl Harbor.
I think he's had a heart attack. "
Mubarak ordered his government to launch an attack on the economic malaise that many analysts consider to be the main cause of the discontent that threatens his regime.
After a heart attack four years ago, Carrozzi testified at his trial last week, he visited his native village, Camarda in the Abruzzi Mountains and brought back a packet of canapa seeds.
Troops tied down It is much more difficult to assess what success the Communists have had in another prime objective, which was to use their conventional attacks as a means of helping reactivate their local forces in the countryside.
We have to put them on the defensive right away with a barrage of attacks, but do it with four or five different spots, each tailored to a specific region of the country:
In the early 1990s, Pioneer Hi-Bred -- then the world's biggest seed company, now a subsidiary of DuPont -- developed exactly the kind of transgenic, herbicide-resistant sorghum that could fight off attacks of Striga.
As a Los Angeles junk dealer, Foxx plays a whining parent who dominates his son with phony heart attacks and other transparent but successful ruses.
There is a history of recurrent episodes of pneumonia in childhood the first often occurring after an attack of whooping cough or measles.
In our Montana life my mother's worst asthma attacks meant pellmell dashes of the Ford into the night, my father rushing us through the black coil
I put my bag on the bed and turned back to the mirror, then stopped still, in shock-I had almost failed to recognize myself!
MEDIUM SHOT - GRANT AND MASSEUSE She sets a bag down then turns away and unbuttons and removes her shirt, revealing large breasts in a bra.
Here, " she said, accosting a stupefied middle-aged woman clutching a shopping bag to her bosom. "
sheets, pillows, quilts; with rolled-up rugs and sleeping bags, with bicycles, skis, rucksacks, English and Western saddles, inflated rafts.
T HEIR VOICES woke him, and when they started up the stairs, he turned quietly onto his side, his back to the door, and heard the girls with soft-crackling shopping bags going into their rooms and his mother coming to his; she stopped at the doorway and he breathed as though asleep until she turned and went to her room.
, anyway, I 'm behind the desk, lost in mindless thought trying not to think about Nick and, of course, thinking about nothing else, and the elevator door opens, and this guy walks into the room with the golf clubs in one hand, and he's got a shoulder bag on the other side, sort of a Navajo tapestry thing with ratty fringe, overflowing with papers and leaflets and God knows what.
Vending machines lined one wall, a cracked mirror ran the length of another; tables with linoleum chipping from their tops were haphazardly pushed together or apart as the women arranged themselves, spreading out their lunch bags, their soda cans and ashtrays, unwrapping sandwiches from wax paper.
He took it back to his bachelor pad bungalow off the Strip, put it on a copy of The Hollywood Reporter on a table between an empty tequila bottle and a detritus of grease-sheened Jack-in-the-Box fries bags.
They wanted bags of water and any dried buffalo meat the village could spare.
Slim is smoking, lying stoically on his side on his sleeping bag, gutting it out.
SHOT FROM ABOVE The maid helps to put a bag into the car.
I'll have this bag emptied for you in a jiff; just want to stow the glass. "
The ladder rattled and shook as Xucate climbed down, carrying a basket of dried beans and a bag of pinole, finely ground corn.
There were plastic bags full of garbage in the entryway to Benny's apartment and the light overhead was only a dirty bare bulb.
night and turns away, walks down the rolling runway, slides into a lower bunk at the side of the bus where he has stored his bags.
And because each child will end up with a box of gorgeous, hand-decorated stationery, there's no need to fuss over gift bags.
Locket to begin stuffing the papers into his bag.
While she had been otherwise occupied, he had put the motorcycle up on its center stand and was, as she returned, unhitching the gym bag from the back.
Photograph Arthur Hills left nothing in the bag at the Hyatt Hill Country Resort, skillfully using the surroundings to craft an exacting, subtle gem.
Several aicon leaves floated in sealed plastic bags on an old potting table.
All these women in their fur coats and $7,000 Gucci bags and the guys with the dia -- mond pinky rings would be standing in line to get in on the deal.
I said, spinning on her and nearly knocking her over with my carry-on bag.
He came to this war with a bag full of medical supplies.
Those who are unbelted or not wearing a shoulder strap are in danger of getting hit by the dashboard cover as well as the air bag as it deploys.
I'll show you the closet where we found the bag.
She opened her overnight bag and took over the bathroom.
He takes the booth so's he can hide better, but he don't order nothing ' cause he got all that shit in him and he thinks maybe if the bags get wet, if he drinks something, ' cause it ain't the usual carry, it might, you know, really do some permanent damage.
hefts the chair over the fence and slides it down the bank, and then climbs over and down after it with their beach bag.
Holding the bag Suddenly they find themselves holding what may be a fast-emptying " Muskie-forpresident " bag here, while their political hero continues his major primary campaign focus in the Pennsylvania primary --
She sat down and tore off the Sunday-comics wrapping on the bigger package, which turned out to be a bag of leather scraps in several colors. "
An ancient boxer's heavy bag leaning in one corner.
Mik tossed the bag with the leftovers in the back of the SUV and hoped it wouldn't get lost amidst the piles of gear they were hauling.
Apparently frustrated by resistance to his pet auto safety device, the inflatable air bag, Nader laced into Secretary of Transportation William T. Coleman Jr.
MILLY Who packs a bag now, to run away with you?
, I have been working so hard for 25 years-why can't I have another pair of Manolo Blahnik shoes or that bag that I love? "
Her blood was spurting down a tube and into a plastic bag that was strapped to the side of the bed.
Then the bags are hauled away in gasoline-powered trucks to a landfill.
That was April 29, and Beachem was angry because Watts had left some plastic bags filled with trash sitting in the kitchen when he moved the night before.
Fanny had opened her bag, found the trillium, and tossed it into the water.
Inside his carry-on bag, Koch had concealed a 9-mm handgun that weighs only 23 oz.
Separated from the rest of the cleaning articles and trash bag, we SEE a bag full of Dianne's discards -- a long skirt, boots, scarf and poncho.
While it was going on, Indigo got bored and went back to his gold hunting, bashing a lump of coal so hard that pieces flew everywhere, and the baby got a chunk to suck, and the hamster jumped in fright into the health visitor's bag, and the health visitor said, " Thank goodness my twins...!
She could collect food for X, yes, lining her purse with that plastic bag she carried and slipping food into it at the table, but this meant that Peter would have to make still another trip out into the night when they returned to Urumchi.
If he thinks I 'm lookin ' at somebody the wrong way, I get used as a punching bag.
SKRAM pulls a lollipop out of the paperboy bag, removes the wrapper.
There were four points at which the deception might have been detected, but thanks to the duplicity of the Lady Editor and the muscle of the Mr. Editor, the paintings made it all the way, and the people who were bumped by the garment bags will never be the same again.
required to wear professional clothes every day, but at least one brings his clothes in a bag for fear of being beaten up on his way to class. "
Mr. Pancake however is an ardent foe of the federal reserve and is in fact one of those eccentrics about whom one occasionally reads, hoarding his entire life savings either under the proverbial mattress or, as in Mr. Pancake's case, in a Hefty bag that
If they're not -- if over months of fighting, as soldiers stream home in body bags, the will of the anti-Iraq alliance weakens, and support among American politicians dissolves into hand-wringing and recrimination -- then this whole exercise will add up only to a sterling example of something the world is not willing to do again.
A Bag Person enters, muttering to him/herself, ferocious-looking.)
I looked down at the seat, at my bag. "
On the porch steps, she pulled on her high-button shoes, then grabbed the heavy leather bag from behind the porch latticework, where she'd placed it the night before.
As she wrapped the tubes in a laboratory requisition form and tucked the little package into a plastic bag, Judy resolved to come back and give Beatrice's hair a full one hundred strokes of brushing.
Tor put his bag of laundry in the corner next to the door. "
Kellog removed his copy of The Seven Minutes from the striped bag.
This time it held five girls, several paper bags, three damp sacks, and a large wooden crate.
These silver dollars were large, thin fish, nearly identical in shape and shine to the coins after which they had been named, and once out of their plastic bag from Sal's, they swam up on either side of my one lazy, boggle-eyed iridescent shark.
We're gon na finally get this big bag of shit into the vehicle. "
Maeve nodded down at the small straw bag with the bone plaque on its lid, scratched with a picture of a whale.
at the last of the evening's Perseids and burrowed down into the twin sleeping bag they shared in the cold Sierra night and bit Josh gently on the shoulder. "
BERLIN TRAIN STATION MEN 'S ROOM -- NIGHT 251 Bag slung -- limping out -- BOURNE has changed clothes.
There she is, he sees now, in the downshore distance: a fetchingly bikini'd and sun-visored miss herself, stretched out on Senor Chacmool with the bag beside her and reading a book.
(Opens the bag, fumbling through its contents) Here!
Climbing out, she pulled a heavy-duty trash bag from the glove compartment and worked air into it.
But still, somehow, she felt hurt, and she shouldered her bag abruptly and left without saying goodbye.
Husband Philip, advertising promotion man for the Lima (Ohio) Citizen, was taking a nap when Barbara felt the bag of waters break.
A few other considerations: Although charcoal is easy and light to carry in a zipped plastic bag (you need four to six briquettes per meal), I found it impossible to set up the stove without smudging soot all over my hands and clothes.
After lifting weights, the last thing I needed was to lug a bag of road salt up from the basement to make my steps safe fir the world of journalism.
suffering the first class passengers as they stowed their mountains of carry-on luggage: their enormous garment bags, their meticulously picked out yet casual underseat bags, the overhead shopping bags from Bloomingdale's and F.A.O.
Pressing a folded bill on the man, COY LAHOOD steps down INTO VIEW, retrieves his bag.
It never failed to amaze Fei Lo how boxes and bags could be knocked down to a flat piece of hard paper with notches and
I'd gotten a fifty-pound bag of dog food at the flea market, too-that's the whole reason why I left my own driveway-when out of nowhere this bar popped up on the side of the road with only " J of N " painted across the threshold.
ON FINISHING my lunch, I wadded up the paper bag and thrust it into my backpack.
A few times, she had to stop, to rebalance her shopping bags.
Following the direction of my gaze, Donald said, " Murdock has always been afraid someone will steal that bag of bones.
He then withdrew a brown bag from his coat and set it down atop the magazines. "
MITCHELL REA, 7, EDEN PRAIRIE, MN " Don't worry if you lose your tooth at school, because you can take it home in a plastic bag and the Tooth Fairy will still come to your house. "
She knew what she had here: a plastic bag containing the three video tapes she'd rented that afternoon.
Several hundred dairies are now delivering milk in five, six-or ten-quart containers, consisting of a cardboard box shaped to fit easily into the refrigerator; inside is a plastic bag with a dispensing nozzle.
The truck stopped in every little village between, and passengers climbed off and unloaded boxes and bags, and passengers climbed on and loaded bags and boxes, and the driver was a ladies ' man who spoke to every woman he encountered in the small, thatched adobe villages where chickens pecked the barren earth before the squalid huts of adobe and thatch that lined the road.
I said ' Jesus Christ, man, ' and I was so strung out, so sick, so my wife walked me to the hallway and we stood there with my bags and my horn and my children and this ambulance came and I went downstairs and put my bags in the ambulance and two arms came out and helped me in.
When a man tried to grab my purse in a parking lot one Friday evening and Seaboy was with me, I clobbered him in the head with my shoulder bag.
Margo keeps her SUV stocked with packing supplies: boxes, blankets, tote bags, and newspapers for wrapping fragile items.
Why didn't you throw your own bag out, you bitch!
or to a battery-powered unit no bigger than a camera bag.
The rifle butt came to rest firmly on the floor, the barrel sticking up an inch or two above the counter's edge, and the two girls attending to customers suddenly looked nervous, even frightened, as they filled their customers ' bags and cartons.
They were designed exactly the same; bags with legs that started at the knees and arms that started at the elbows, ending in booties and four-fingered gloves.
With one swift movement he gathers up the icy sleeping bag, presses it close to him, and stands.
As if in testimony to the peacefulness and regularity of small-town life, a red van with the words la riviere herald on its side panels drifts slowly down Third Street, pausing at nearly all of the mailbox stands for its driver to insert copies of the day's newspaper, wrapped in a blue plastic bag, into gray metal cylinders bearing the same words.
She is carrying a small plastic bag full of lemon drops.
While outlining his objections to this project Brian sat down at his desk, uncovered his container of coffee, and upended his paper bag.
Roughly 98% of all bags reported lost are eventually returned to their owners, usually within 24 hours.
He turned the bag inside out and tied it off.
The Cat's out of the bag, so I hear. "
I preserve what I find in a small plastic bag I keep tied around my neck.
Guiliano shouldered the duffel bag despite Pisciotta's protest, and they walked through the monastery gate together.
After the party, Sarina grinned and swayed like a punching bag in the center of the kitchen.
ELLA enters from down right carrying a bag of groceries.
Frank's brother was dead, stretched out under a bag of money.
When he stood, she scooped up her book bag and went out with him.
ball to Walton, positioned on the left side of the court close to the basket.
He is short and powerfully built with his hair greased straight back, dark glasses, black suit and shoes, starched white shirt with a high collar, gold cuff links which he's constantly snapping and adjusting, a ball point pen which he clicks continuously.
But it's making a big comeback in collegiate training rooms, " says Dave Pearson, Ph.D., an exercise physiologist at Ball State University. "
Working out with manager Leo Durocher in spring training, he fired a double-play ball to Leo, playing second, and broke his right thumb.
When the ashes cool, the widow Gertrude Leemer, still recovering from a double mastectomy, hefts her husband's skull like a bowling ball and muses, " The final scar makes
Follow the Bouncing Ball // Ms. Birnbaum, a lawyer and the club ' s operations partner, said, " We felt the time was right for the audience to be part of the entertainment. "
In the eighth, I got a Texas league single, and made second on a passed ball.
Stickin ' the ball in his back pocket like that.
That happens when you don't get on top of the ball or throw it without the proper arm action, " Willis says.
a kind of eye-hand coordination, like hitting a golf ball.
I felt like an idiot doing it, but I pulled out the one-iron and hit the ball down the right side away from all the trouble on the left.
Therefore, Darcy unfailingly made his box available to his cousin for interests that they shared, such as the theater and opera, and for those they did not, the occasional wager on the roll of a ball or turn of a card provided what was lacking.
eight ball, but I 'm going to drag her down to Be-Stitched the minute she gets here and force her to make a decision. "
In her sleep she seems to mew like a kitten, and he watches her with a strange mixture of tenderness and condescension, imagining that she's dreaming about a ball of yarn, a plate
UP THE BURN: stand on a Bosu ball as you chop.
For this week's profile of triple-threat comedy star Tim Allen, Ressner -- along with correspondent Patrick Cole -- carried the ball for a touchdown. "
(Small by basketball standards, Washington leaps so high that he has tune to dunk two balls on the same jump.)
Covered with metallic balls for discharging electrical energy, the monstrous contraption seemed fit for a horror
So I heard it out alone, then came back in and switched on the ball game.
And two metal balls suspended on delicate wires will attract one another in the proper way.
He hits a long ball, Webb was right, but Harry doesn't like his swing: too wristy.
It is a vertical curve, however, due to the ball spinning in an up-and-down motion instead of side-to-side. "
The teacher tells his students how poorly they have done on the midterm exam, hands clasped behind him as he shifts back and forth from the heels to the balls of his feet.
But even as he dove to overtake the ball traversing
Medical updates were released three times a day, and hundreds stood vigil outside the East Side hospital, including dozens of children who weren't even old enough to have seen their idol play ball.
The ball comes zinging back like a small cannon ball, and an opponent's 18-in.
Wedging myself into the pack, I tried to make a grab at the man with the ball.
Wooden clubs required two properties: a head sufficiently hard to withstand successive hits on the ball and a springy, or whippy, shaft.
As always, the ball exploded off his club face and rode the soft wind to disappear beyond the sloping fairway and run a dozen yards farther, leaving him a short iron to the green.
The Nightman's eyes moved to the ball in Frank Sullivan's hand and his body constricted in sickening anticipation. "
There were now about 20 balls, many of them shockingly bright and pristine, with not a mark on them except perhaps, as I imagined suddenly, a small PC for Paul Christman stamped on the cover.
The play in golf is hitting the ball, which I can do, while the play in football is running to catch the pass. "
// * MINIATURE BALL: It is like Ball but smaller, between 2 and 3 1/2 inches wide.
More rambling here, but the short version is the woman's crazy, the kind who says one thing and does another, wants control of every facet of his life, always has to know where he's been, who he's been with, like she hasn't got his balls already and that isn't enough. "
From the first second the ball sailed over the heads of the fielders, it was clear to everyone that this shot was headed way, way beyond the red Plymouth, which meant it would sail over into the grassy lots alongside the train tracks.
Picking up a ball, any kind of ball, I always had a feeling for it.
de resistance -- and he called it by just those words in French -- and they produced a somewhat rusty, out-ofdate musket, which he handed gravely to the toion, asking one of the sailors to provide powder and ball plus an exhibition of how the old gun should be fired.
I played ball, and that's what I liked to do.
And I thought with sudden insight of myself, then, sitting alone in an empty house, holding in my possession a unique life that no one else would ever know: the hours I spent as a child keeping elaborate scores and records for games of my own invention-some with a tennis ball and racquet, targeting the rectangular openings in the green glider on the front porch of
STANKOVICHI swear asshole, if this thing is a phony, I 'm gon na personally track you down, cut off your balls and stuff ' em down your throat.
Jackie grabs a cue from a pine hutch and rubs blue chalk on the tip while Sharkey starts racking up the balls.
Such examples of West Virginia basket -- ball fanaticism are as profuse as the timber in the hills around Morgantown,
Cummings described his glee at seeing what happened to batters when he finally got around to throwing his discovery pitch in a game: " I began to watch the flight of the ball through the air, and distinctly saw it curve, " he said, " a surge of joy flooded over me that
When a player is tackled, it is a good thing if he can manage to curl into a ball, because the convexity of the hack acts as a shield, like a tortoise's shell particularly when there are nine people on top of one.
Eddie himself wasn't very religious -- he played ball with us at the Parade Grounds on Saturdays -- but he was determined not to hurt his mother, and I guess I could understand why at the time.
We've got to control the ball and not let them have it They didn't make a mistake last year.
next day's ball game, which was against Bear Paw and was sure to be tough, that team by report having recruited three or four city ringers.
Feather ball remained the norm until about 1850, when gutta percha was introduced, making balls somewhat cheaper.
HAWKER If that's his original ball, I 'm Arnold Palmer.
the sheriff said, taking aim at a red ball. "
But since Marks and Caesar's fundamental safety rules, like " Let the ball roll, no matter where it may go, " still apply, it's good to know that the songbook, with its simple, catchy music and lyrics, is available once again (Hardcover: Abrams.
take short drop-backs on pass plays, read the defense quickly to determine who is open and then pass the ball to a spot, rather than to a receiver's hands.
It's all part of the same ball of wax.
The second night one of his brothers arrived, having driven all the way from Nashtoba to carry him to the ball game. "
, but Halfback Bob Boyd, who hadn't been doing too well until then, intercepted and ran the ball to the Packer 14.
I'll go get the ball,  Tracy said. "
can jump, you don't fret as much when the ball's in the air because he's got a chance to get it. "
away with a woman line judge, resulting in the headline NEW BALLS, PLEASE.
How did Montanathrow the ball, a trio of large and hungry Cowboys bearing down on him as if he were the last ham sandwich left in the free world?
Then he stepped aside, and the center-fielder took the ball from the pocket
up and hurled his own ball over Beau's head.
who teaches children aged four to eight, suggests " shrinking " some elements of the game to help reduce frustration: Try using only half the court; string up a rope " net " to about the height of your child's waist; and reduce tennis ball bounce by deflating the ball slightly (or check sports shops for balls designed with kids in mind).
Because he couldn't think of anything else, he spent nights diving into country club water hazards and collecting golf balls to have something to sell at the flea markets. "
He is hard to get hold of like a ball because a ball has no corners or edges to get hold of it by.
The ball just goes flup and doesn't bounce back up to him.
She float around like a ball lightning, first over the river, then under.
The game was invented by Albion crewmen after they found, not surprisingly, that ordinary golf balls kept rolling off the flight deck.
Dissolve to: -- 4 -- 4 Interior: Armstead's Bar, Time Lapse Two balls lay side by side on the table.
He'd be a eunuch if you cut his balls off.
Some children were playing an impenetrablegame, involving both the fire-escape ladder and a ball, in this alley, and on the sidewalk.
Aesop sighed, grabbed hold of his balls with his left hand -- which was how the two of us swore to sacred oaths -- and lifted his right hand into the air. "
By the way, Gail why don't you ask if we can have the hunt ball here in the Charnel.
You want me to hit the ball with this? "
Balls and cues were found and a pool tournament was organized, in which the Major, Horne, Bailey, John, and Nicky were participants.
Olympian Dan Majerle lunges in an attempt to steal the ball from Spud Webb during Sunday ' s exhibition in Charlotte, N.C.
Dowis, who hails from Ty Cobb's hometown of Royston, Ga., is quick-footed and quick-witted, able to flip the ball to a trailing halfback at the last split second.
They attended polo matches, receptions, balls, and gave a number of their own, and the only time she slowed down at all was in 1924, when she again found out she was pregnant.
Halftime last game, coach is pissed I ran it on a pass play, out on the field he says to me ' you got ta think about the team and you got ta ' you know and ' if you run that ball again you're out ', and I said to him you got ta let me play!
hadn't hit it, that ball's just a chunk of cowhide.
They were building hi-fi speakers at Braun's no bigger than a tennis ball, but with an inimitable purity of tone.
One of Wagner's biggest problems was his slow arm action on his changeup, so pitching coach Ray Miller addressed the problem by teaching Wagner a palm ball. "
He put the white cue ball in the center of the table, sighted quickly, and then with a quick hard thrust of his hips sent the white ball rauinliug into the tight triangle of red balls.
With fires blazing in almost every room -- though there were adequate coal furnaces -- and holiday greens at every window and enormous Christmas trees in the public rooms dancing with tinsel and glass balls and toy reindeer and Santa Clauses, and ballroom music every night and liquors and wines donated by the management, it was a joyous and resplendent time at the resort.
Later, Carter will go to the White House to review the inaugural parade, then enter the White House as its occupant for the first time before heading for the seven inaugural balls
On and on he went, playing as if he had taken lessons from Rube Goldberg-straying down an adjoining fairway on the eighth, bouncing his ball off a tree on the 15th, dumping his drive into loose sod on the 16th.
When you do this, the club often bottoms out before it reaches the ball.
After the game Lorenzen claimed he was just trying to keep the ball out of the hands of the LSU offense.
had shining green or blue reflector balls set on pedestals, objects Hughes had not seen since his childhood.
Cut my balls off, I suppose.
Sacred Heart in-bounded the ball and scored an uncontested layup.
Give me the ball and get back to your huddle. "
She was alone on the tee, hitting balls out to Kenny Burke's little brother -- but she wasn't so much hitting as flailing at them with the most god-awful swing one could imagine.
of Agriculture plans to release hundreds of thousands of flies to decapitate fire ants Woman claims fried chicken head was in her McDonald's order TESTICULAR CANCER AND SONG Marlins ' Mike Lowell says radiation treatments for testicular cancer made him a stronger player Boy George injured by a falling disco ball Phil Collins ' You'll Be in My Heart beats Blame Canada at the Oscars After recovering from testicular cancer, Green Bay's Josh Bidwell returns to punting ' N Sync performs at bat mitzvah of AOL executive's daughter MTV's Tom Green sings a song about his testicular cancer Lance Armstrong wins his second consecutive Tour de France The Rock sings on Wyclef Jean's song
I didn't have a lot of things to do except throw a ball all day long, " Tim says. "
you put a ball on the kitchen floor and let go, it would roll straight into the dining room (through the legs of the heavy wooden table), past my mother's study, and finally into the living room where the pile of my father's failed inventions inevitably stopped the ball's trajectory.
If dough is soft and sticky, press scraps into a ball and repeat step 3.
The big man threw the first two balls very hard and fast.
I keep my other guard behind the ball as a trailer for a safety pass, and if he gets the ball his move is to the other side.
is to gently insert an olive oil-soaked cotton ball into each ear at bedtime.
oops, sorry -- operators of the local sewage treatment plant, of Sparks, Nevada, were forced to warn locals not to pour grease down the drain, after a Monster Grease Ball disrupted operations.
May we not suppose that at the rehearsal he told the oboe to rest for a certain number of bars (indeed if the oboist tried to play the whole time as written he would probably burst); and occasionally told the violins to be silent and let the oboe be heard alone?
He thought that would be better than the bar at the Peabody.
He turned away from the window, climbed onto one of the stools at the breakfast bar.
subtler effluvium of expensive aftershave, together with a few bars of elevator music -- and a natty young man in a sixties vintage suit with narrow lapels and a slim funereal tie peered at him from behind black, very mod horn-rimmed glasses.
Well, I'll let you play for a few bars and accumulate a backlog.
help explain how pirates once used a treacherous narrows to prey on passing boats, or how pilots inched their boats and barges past sand bars and other dangers.
Seamus gripped the edge of the bar with knuckles that turned white.
Yes, sir,  said the orderly from behind the bar.
Hey, don't set the bar so high.	21:24	0:33	 Hey , do n't set the bar so high .
But he and his wife occasionally spend time alone over a plate of fresh, inventive sushi at Sakana Japanese Grill &; Sushi Bar. "
Ker-ner invited us to have a drink in the bar of The Colony's clubhouse; the bar is lined with the wood-panelled lockers of members -- people like Los Angeles Sheriff Peter Pitchess, Joe Pasternak, and Mrs. George Randolph Hearst, Sr. " Schmooze and booze make good Jews, " Kerner said. "
She's sitting at the bar with Mitch, tossing her hair and laughing and moving her long fingers up his biceps.
For years it had been a small bar, The Lilac Playroom, a rendezvous for passed-over whores, spent jockeys, and deathbound vagrants.
The funny thing is that both the bars and the arms are bolted to the doors and also to the walls and I can't figure out how they open.
Raising the bar Twenty years after Louisiana Tech's record, UConn appears poised to set a tough standard. "
He saw people up and down the bar beginning to grumble and shoot angry glances his way, and he thought suddenly, startlingly, How they must hate us!
If you enlarge the window, you may be able to see some of the folder's contents, but since the window lacks scroll bars, you won't get very far.
Murchison sat alone, signing the bill, and the street door of the bar was just then closing, perhaps even with Bernard's departure.
Near the bar was a small platform; it was the bandstand.
Between 1913 and 1931, for instance, well-meaning but misguided caretakers embedded iron bars in some of the fragile ruins; the bars have rusted, and the oxidation has caused expansion and cracked the surrounding marble.
MARY JANE HANRAHAN When you're acquitted, Angel, when we're sitting in a bar together drinking beer and eating chicken wings, then make conversation!
They may be made of % - inch or 1/2 - inch rod or bar from 12- to 18-inches long, depending on use and need.
NUTRITIONAL LOWDOWN 180-190 cal, 10 g pro, 27-28 g carb, 3-5 g fat, 1.5-2.5 g sat fat, 0 mg chol, 1-2 g fiber, 140-170 mg sodium FLAVORS Berry Banana Buzz, Peanut Butter n ' Honey, Rocket Chocolate, Apple Cinnamon with Cranberries PRICE PER BAR AND WHERE TO BUY $1.69, EMS stores and www.honeystinger.com PRODUCT CLIF Nectar DESCRIPTION Each bar contains up to five organic ingredients and two servings of fruit.
Bars and restaurants cloned from Washington establishments do brisk summer trade.
Rather than insisting on a packed lunch, find out what he and his friends like to do, and work with that: He might like to buy a cheeseburger and a milk in the cafeteria, and bring a granola bar and an apple from home.
The people in the bar, including Charlie, dash behind tables and jump behind the bar for cover.
The place is San Francisco's hipster dive bar and guest house, Zeitgeist.
he uncupped his nose and slid down off his stool and made his way along the bar toward the girl.
Mr. Benson tipped his glass to our reflections in the long bar mirror before he turned to the pool table-It ain't the drank.
To make a trammel, this bar is drawn out on the end to a 1/4 - inch- square tang 3- or 4-inches long.
MATT MICKELSON Was he in the bar Tuesday night?
We were luckier with the staying power of our craving for things like pretzels, potato chips, jelly doughnuts, and chocolate bars.
From her high vantage at the corner of the bar, the schoolteacherish girl studied with downcast eyes the dancing feet.
THERMAL BARS Summer anglers have to follow nomadic rainbows offshore to where walls of cold and warmer water collide.
One evening, at a beachside bar in Florida, she watched the sunset and prayed, " If I am supposed to go to Shreveport, show me this is the right thing to do. "
I feel that the Cafe Fanny, like another old favorite of mine, the Oyster Bar, is a big boost for the renaissance of the Grand Central Terminal Complex.
handbag on the bar and folded her gloves neatly on top. "
At seven Fred went to the Quiet Bar and looked around.
Just you ride out to the Bar T an ' make sure that other cowboy stays put an ' don't expose himself, hear?
Champagne, hors d'oeuvres, a five-course dinner, open bar, live entertainment (Michael Lerich &; His Orchestra) and dancing, champagne and balloon drop are on tap.
Since the soldiers were the only clean-cut men in the bar, it was easy to identify them although none were in uniform.
Bar owners, he says, sometimes bribe police officers, who release them and deport the women who spoke against them.
The band stopped playing, the dancers dispersed, lights were dimmed in the salon and on deck; sailors came out with their buckets and brushes; the man at the bar was obviously closing up for the night.
Hear him first at the Oxford Union bar: " Worse than the Visigoths, worse than the Tartars.
We believe it sufficient to state that those acts, whether performed in court or in the law office, which lawyers have customarily carried on from day to day through the centuries must constitute the ' practice of law, ' " stated the Arizona Supreme Court in State Bar of Arizona v. Arizona Land Title and Trust Co. (1961).
The house was like a fortress, illuminated by floodlights, its ground-floor windows protected by thin curved iron bars.
United States District Court for the District of Columbia entered the Consent Decree proposed by the American Bar Association and the U.S. Department of Justice as the Final Judgment in the litigation between those parties.
BAR AREA Tony pushes him out the door and into the bar area.
I shouted across the quiet bar to ask Bob and Rod if they knew any Charlie Rich songs.
By voting Sept. 5 to help boat people and bar even indirect aid to Vietnam, Cambodia and Laos, we are only perpetuating the tragedy.
There they would remain, drinking faster and faster, talking louder and louder, until either their control towers closed for the night or the silent, patient waiters removed the portable bar from the corner of the room.
Anyway Salt and Dogface told him they suspected the big man that came aboard on the bar, that he was the one the reward was for, but Captain Ts'ui says, He came aboard as a free man, I can't touch him. '
Usually the bell is mounted on a movable bar with an elbow that pivots in an overhead bar.
While the arrivals from New York went upstairs to clean up and change into fresh clothes, Portel and Cox went for a quick " noggin " in the bar with Warren and Selby; then, their charges safely delivered, the two British officers departed.
Morgan excused himself and drifted to the bar to refill his champagne glass, and allowed himself to be drawn into the perimeter of Anne's group. "
Bandicut continued to bob his head for a moment, then took a swallow of beer and turned back to the bar, moving his left foot carefully.
From an emotional standpoint, he would rather have been in the men's room down at Jack's Bar on the Bowery, eating a piece of urine-soaked bread while thrusting his hump against someone from the Vice Squad.
As of the early to mid-1980s, for example, American robbers were likely to serve about forty-five months behind bars, versus twenty-seven in England and twenty-four in Australia.
One scary thing happened in Oakland this week when a foul tip smashed the bar on umpire Larry Barnett ' s face mask, sending him to the hospital.
He opened Momofuku Noodle Bar and then Momofuku Ssm Bar in New York, tiny joints that reimagine ramen noodles and other Asian delicacies for the twenty-first century. "
I said, " Hotdamn that's a good flea market y'all got yourselves down the road, " because from the looks on the six or eight guys in the bar I knew that they sold their wares there between the pine trees of the jockey lot.
Tea and cakes waiting -- as well as a self-service bar. "
Most states now issue driver's licenses that include a credit card-like bar code on the back that can be linked to a DMV database. "
Looking across the water, above the levee, toward the little town, Jolie-Gray can not see the pink light of the neon-script sign on Dubois Aucoin's bar, though it is early enough that the neon is still lit.
From the bar, Beer Guy, Tuffy, and Adulterer release the first peanut barrel.
The American Bar Association has recently completed a comprehensive recodification of the Standards for Approval of Law Schools and Interpretations.
started back to the bar and she said, " P. S. Wilkinson? "
stool at the bar, bells on the pinball machines fell silent for the first time in hours.
The bar was very dark and cool, and my parents would have Tom Collinses while I drank ginger ale.
Baby, George Nakashima designed this bar area, " JD quietly corrects me.
On a dare, they'd drunk whiskey Janis had pilfered from behind the bar at her father's steakhouse as they'd sat on Alphonse Capone's grave in Holy Innocents Cemetery.
There is a window with bars on it to keep BIRDY from escaping.
You're washing your hands before you're getting anything from the snack bar! "
Dissolve to: 110 Interior: Stonemount Bar, Night Vincent sits alone at a table.
Ned is joined at the bar by a young, sexy-looking blonde in a tight sailor suit.
The one who gave you his college ring five minutes after you met him at that bar in Fort Lauderdale? "
The men at the bar are in their late 30s, 40s, 50s.
He joined me at the bar as casually as though this date had
This silent Sunday morning, she folded her apron and put it on the pass-out bar, then went to the staff room, changed from her chef's whites and clogs into jeans and a long-sleeved shirt tie-dyed in soft pink and orange, with tiny dancing skeletons on it.
She gave out Three Musketeers bars at our class Halloween party.
Wilner looked to where his wife was standing at the bar.
How dreary, " Marcia would say, " these horsey people are, " and as she and Janet became intimate they coined a term, the " big H, " to signify all those people, hopefully put behind them and yet so persistently attentive, who did all the right things, a skein of acquaintance and cousinship that extended from Quogue to Bar Harbor.
His plan was to build a cage for underwater filming, and he wanted to know how big the bars should be so that he could swim out of the cage but a walrus ' head-smashing tusks could be kept out.
, though, so serious that as soon as I'd hear the few bars of guitar that preceded it, the excitement would sweep over me -- a soft dark velvet wave in my brain rolling over everything else that had ever been there. "
Riders from other outfits commenced straggling in, some from a hundred miles away, until the Bar Y Ranch commenced to
The list shall be published annually in the ABA Approved Law Schools: Statistical Information on American Bar Association Approved Law Schools, Review of Legal education, a publication which is published by the Section and single copies of which are distributed by the Consultant upon request, without charge.
Morgan found a dark corner of the bar and flicked through old magazines for a while.
But she hadn't seen the shadow man since the night she brought the stranger home from the bar.
The future was here, thought | The Nightman as his eyes, lidded and heavy, moved past the closed door of the poolroom toilet and settled on the iron bars covering the back window. "
You sit in the bar all ready to tell your best stories and you forget half of them.
C'm on, c'm on,  said Frank, an impatient constructionman who placed his clenched fists like loaded weaponson top of the bar. "
had been a tall, proud man named Alfroid; I remembered him with some affection, since he could tie loose knots in iron bars, and had drunk me under the table one evening -- no, an evening and a morning and part of an afternoon.
He'd lined up the bottles on the bar in front of him, green pickets.
And until today, the bar association had not suggested which option
I was tipped off two days ago that I passed the bar.
In 1984, three years after dropping out of Indiana Bible College, where she earned her high school equivalency diploma, she married a truck driver she had met in a bar.
// However, even given the fact that I was not prohibited by Rule 3.6, or by the presumption of innocence, I would normally have felt it unseemly and in poor taste for me, a member of the bar, or for any public official to speak out on an accused's guilt before the verdict, and this was the very first time I ever did so.
A guy will come up to me in a bar or somewhere and say. '
In places, the cobbles gave way to slate stairs, and at the far end, down toward Fountain Street, the neighborhood was crowded with bars. "
Grab the bar with an overhand grip and hold it at
To my surprise, Ralf seemed every bit as cheerful as he had been on the way south.
The ambassador who's giving it seemed to be in, uh, a bit of trouble with his foreign minister, and I gather the idea of the party is to impress the foreign minister, who's in town.
Along the route I inspected the wards and safeguards and found them every bit as formidable as Warhanny had described.
but he's only a bit retarded, you know, a simple young fellow.
newspaper, from my left pocket and stuffed it into my mouth, together with a bit of the wrapping, so I wouldn't spill the powder, more than enough to kill me, but my throat was so dry I could not swallow.
God's Bits of Wood (1960), a novel, By Sembene Ousmane.
One morning a month later, Father Ryan walked into Jennifer's office and said, " I hate to bother you, my dear, but I have a friend who has a bit of a problem.
Add remaining broth, wine, and pepper to pan; stir to scrape browned bits free Cover pan; simmer gently until gizzard is tender when pierced, about 1 1/2 hours.
Yucking it up provides a bit of comic relief within the stress of serving trays of appetizers with drinks, then lunch or dinner with wine, followed by cake with champagne or Asti Spumante-and doing it all quickly-to a hundred guests.
There's always a bit of money to be had for a worthy cause in Boston.
Why is she knocking herself out on this acting bit?
We were so close to the equator that the dish was pointed only slightly north, but it was pointing a fair bit east, probably at one of California's big commercial machines.
In her book about their relationship, " Love You to Bits and Pieces, " now being released by Penguin in the United States, Mrs. Helfgott describes her husband's life in what he calls the " heaven " of their rural home in Promised Land, two hours northwest of Sydney, where she said he plays the piano at least six hours a day.
It was obvious that Bruno would have to be peeled slowly, the informationextracted in small bits and pieces.
As he stood in the foyer, knocking snow off the tops of his boots after having nearly been assassinated by a bit of ice hidden on the stoop, as he unwound the red woolen muffler from his inflamed
The only child he really likes is Susie, the Eichelburger girl across the hedge and alleyway and white barn, who's high-strung and secretive, and every bit as friendless as he is.
A study of several versions (there are almost as many as there are writers and storytellers involved with this bit of folklore) leads the hunter through the change from pots of porridge to bowls; from an old vixen of a woman to a fox; from " Silverhair " to " Goldilocks "; through a variety of sympathies, or lack of them, on the part of follow-up artists and authors.
This came to only 300 x 1015 bits, much less than the traffic carried over the telephone network.
Mrs. Khonpoum is feeding the baby Thaithouna bits of hot dog along with the Laotian dishes.
Mama watered our small lawn and hummed church songs in a low sweet voice, while Lamont, Towanda, Roscoe, and LaVern ran up and down Kennedy Avenue with the other neighborhood kids, trying to get the last bit of play in before it got too dark and Mama said come in.
Even this efficiency would give a usable capacity of 240 million bits per second.
He may, as a matter of logic alone, be making a rather vacuous assertion (if you read him with great literalness) when he insists that the Bill of Rights guarantees are " absolutes, " since every bit of " balancing " that could possibly enter into the qualification of these rights can enter just as well into their definition as into a process of denying them " absolute " force after they are defined.
They say we're unduly concerned about 240 kids, but our concern is that a little bit of integration is like being a little bit pregnant?
Bits of tea leaves clung to the inner curves of the broken cup.
It was freezing solid as it moved forward -- bits were breaking off like glass -- but it was still advancing toward the ship, a black tidal wave, slowing down all the time.
I don't like this one fucken bit, Garbageman whispered to himself.
On this cruise, the entourage numbers 147 people, including bit players, technicians, family and friends of the regular cast and guest stars.
The prosecutors sat at their table and fiddled with pens, bit nails, and adjusted ties.
With a bit of luck, we're over the hump, " says one official of the finance ministry.
The bitterly cold air had found every loose stitch in Caroline's sweater and now was concentrating on the metal bits of brassiere that touched her skin.
you offer me for the bit I can tell? "
She could not see the freshness of the house in Farnham, the new bits of furniture here and there; the autumn leaves in her own bedroom; her worktable full of the records of John's sorrowful summer; Jack handsomer and taller, and softer, also, in his welcoming mood; Ellen rosy and excited.
p. 104 VIC I'll be along in a bit.
Twisting is even as long as the heat is even, otherwise the hotter sections of the bit will twist more tightly than the cooler sections.
This time, through the scratch, I could see only a little bit of the bricks and none of the Hudson at all.
There was the usual banter between them on the way to the airport, dirty jokes, exchanged bits of gossip and old news.
Lionel left you feeling heavy, superfluous, a bit of an impediment.
I was a bit of a dreamer, " she says with a shrug.
I got a little bit of good news. "
Two bits, " the old lady says. "
These're just lumps o ' metal, there's never a bit of life between ' em. "
We all get carried away a little bit with the importance of games, " Judge Thomas said. "
Sitting in a bit of a deadlock we decide there's nothing for it but to make Onion play.
I thought about what other morsel from my day I had to offer my wife as a bit of pump priming for some inside information
// They talked to us a little bit about that, but as things happened.
A bit of locale here-this is the North Fork of Long Island, State of New York, the Township of Southold, founded, according to a plaque out on the highway, in sixteen-forty-something by some people from New Haven, Connecticut, who, for all anybody knows, were on the lam from the king.
// One time my wife, Susie, went over and did the proverbial Midwestern bit of asking to borrow a cup of sugar, and Don?
The tall, arching windows along the side walls were made of thousands of bits of colored glass fused together, pictures of paradise painted from fragments of pure light.
Then he looked across the room and said quietly, " Maybe you ought to ask Mr. Jamison to have a bit of this fine stew, eh, my boy? "
Our contractor called the company several times to get more information, which brings me to the next bit of advice: If you use a kit, make sure the business has a toll free number and someone knowledgeable to advise you over the phone.
dying willow tops; each is picking bits of unstranded rope for oakum.
Old peas and bits of cereal crunch under my feet.
Conversations drifted across his consciousness, bits of reality that could not find understanding in his overheated brain. "
The vertical bands which were covered with plastic had worn and granulated under the demands of our press run, and we had spent a weekend wiping and washing off the silk screen and picking bits of plastic out of the ink and cursing and wasting paper and trying to get out enough readable copies of the paper to satisfy our subscribers.
There was a type-vanilla inside a chocolate skin bumpy with small bits of nuts-that he especially craved; he rarely saw them for sale around Boston, and men in business suits don't eat popsicles anyway. "
This show is in 36 countries now, " Warwick says, " and, generally speaking, you find after about the third or fourth series that the talent pool starts to buckle down a little bit.
Mama only ate a little bit of the breast and some of the gravy.
And unanimity of view down there could be discounteda little bit; they all worked closely together, and in fact all of their recommendations had come in at the same time yesterday couched in almost exactly the same language.
I understand she's already caused some of you to miss a bit of sleep on your previous stops. "
The little bit of motion her body made coming through the grass stifled the crickets.
Dreamed up by Executive Producer Lewis Freedman, the series will describe bits of American history, data and errata, the momentous and the obscure.
The tool is a hollow, square chisel, through which an auger bit turns (Fig.
Essentially a drill is a scraping instrument, while the auger bit cuts and must therefore have a cutting edge.
Within the circles, trees, wildlife -- whatever had been there, apparently -- had been ground to bits.
And Mike wouldn't be satisfied until she was broken into little bits.
Well, after a year, I 'm glad to hear there's a bit of romance left between us.
With a napkin Mrs. Gamp wiped away a bit of deviled egg that she had spilled on her dress.
Already, though, he had retrieved an interesting bit of previously uncollected knowledgetwo bits, if he counted the implication that the identity of the second group of attackers, unlike that of the first, was not unknown. "
I like a bit of decorum, " he managed to get out. "
But in Lydia's mind, Lizzie had remained the fat-faced child with a mouth full of silver (and usually some bits of food) who had whined around her grandfather's chair during those awful, stiff dinners at the Broadbelts '.
John and the other men were all smiling, as if, as Antonia had said, they had come only for a bit of pleasure.
// Bit by bit, the interruptions become disruptions.
I have quite a bit of influence in Personnel.
AJ hadn't told Jake precisely why Mason, and now Ms. Murphy, had been targeted, but he'd dropped one tantalizing bit
After an hour or so a woman brought him food: a kind of cold fish stew with bits of some transparent green stuff in it, salty but good; and a small cup of water, stale, tasting pitchy from the caulking of the barrel.
The duck may have once quacked like a Peking duck, may have once had webbed feet like a Peking duck, but to the connoisseur, deep-frying makes calling it a Peking duck a bit of a stretch.
The bits of paper kept floating back into the toilet bowl and by the time she finally got rid of them it was light, and all the daisies in the garden had been snapped by the wind, and the concrete around the swimming pool was littered with fallen palm fronds.
There are funny lines and bits, but mostly this is a long slog.
The man had good shoulders and a bit of pudge at the middle.
If we hike our dresses up just a little bit, it means it ' s a dance from an area of dry land, " says Endo. "
He would go to great lengths to circumnavigate any bit of woods that looked likely to belong to someone, or where there was any evidence of human habitation.
A simple bit is formed from a steel rod, upset and square-tapered on one
We walked together across the empty parking lot as the sun set behind the Record Barn and Baltimore looked every bit as small as it did when I'd left.
was interviewed for this story, she wore just a hint of mascara and a tiny bit of lip gloss; her freckles stood out more than her breasts.
I wanted to cover her, cover her sex if nothing else, give her a little bit of dignity, but I'd done that on another homicide investigation and the detectives chewed my ass off for altering the crime scene.
Follow for Now's name, in fact, comes from a PE lyric, and the band's own wordplay is every bit as pointedly smart and confrontational as that of the rappers.
Well, basically, natural history -- with perhaps a bit of modern politics.
She had not known where this last bit had come from, and, she could tell, neither had he, but she could hear the other nurses coming down the hall to see who was yelling, and though Cleophus Sanders looked to have more pity on his face than true belief, he
They work and go home, and eat and sleep, and go to work again, to turn out plastic stationery products in bits and pieces.
I 'm feeling a bit faint from the heat, " Lady Dustan said.
Head of the River made a bit of a noise while working.
Spacepower is every bit as important as special operations.
In an attempt to bring reality to the issue, I performed a study a few years ago to estimate traffic for various services by quantifying each service in terms of total number of bits per year.
The diners laughed and the waiters laughed and so did Ugo, the jolly old elf at the buffet table, who was sprinkling a bit of this and a bit of that into his tangy and oh so scrumptious herring paste -- a Viborran delight called huegma.
It doesn't suit her one bit, he decides, the hard rim of the bedpan digging into his coccyx.
She found it strangely prepared, not boiled nor cut into tiny bits for a stew but simply cooked in its own juices and left still rare.
My hands were filthy, my fingernails caked with dirt, and bits of soil flew into my hair and stuck to my face as my burrowing became wilder still.
He grinned a little bit himself, now. "
Then there was the bit of sunny beach, where Stephen moored his boat.
It'll be kind of nice to hear that type of talk, again -- if they only include a place for a man to be a little bit himself. "
Long Conrail Rides To the Editor: I read Conrail chairman Edward Jordan's Aug. 29 letter, " Conrail Points the Way to a Healthy U.S. Rail System, " over and over again.
But before the convention is over, he may have reason to think his decision not to serve as temporary chairman is a wise one.
Victor L. Smith, Republican state chairman, said there will be a " smashing victory " with Sen. Everett M. Dirksen sweeping the state by upwards of 400,000 votes.
The Monfort brothers, Charles (chairman and chief executive) and Richard (the other vice chairman), decided they no longer needed or wanted McMorris's aid in running the Rockies.
In a momentary silence the chairman, red-faced, shouted, " Ladies and gentlemen, for years we have tried reasoning with the airport management and the airline companies.
So did Humphreyman Joseph Rauh, vice chairman of Americans for Democratic Action.
She hadn't been a captain then, when Ivan Antonov had been named the joint chiefs ' chairman, and she'd served as his staff intelligence officer.
Chairman Rodino says he hopes to finish voting on all proposed articles this weekend, but other members believe that the committee won't finish until sometime next week.
Barely six months ago, John W. Gardner, a liberal Republican who was then chairman of the Urban Coalition and who before.
H. Joe Selby, the Acting Comptroller of the Currency, to Representative Carroll Hubbard Jr., a Kentucky Democrat and chairman of the House Subcommittee on General Oversight and Investigations.
@@243711 " We're not going to be able to eat more hot dogs than Rockefeller, " said a New York Democratic county chairman last week. "
Vice Chairman: Gerald M. Levin Editorial Director: Richard B. Stolley Corporate Editor: Gilbert Rogin TIME INC.
On the House Judiciary Committee, Republicans are expected to be " more persistent " in promoting anticrime legislation, according to Rep. William M. McCulloch of Ohio, the committee's " shadow chairman. "
He is a former chairman and president of Fifth Avenue Coach and lives in Greenwich, Conn.
Mark Canton, who was hired as president of Columbia Pictures in October 1991, was promoted to chairman of Columbia Tri-Star Motion Picture Companies in January 1994.
Labor Secretary W. Willard Wirtz, committee chairman, called the conference for the President.
Dean Burch, former chairman of the Federal Communications Commission wild was one of the Ford negotiators, said that the debate ought to be structured in the ' interests
In a press conference yesterday, TBS chairman Ted Turner said: " Cartoons, like movies, cross cultural lines very well and translate easily into other languages.
To sure, AVCO chairman Victor Emanuel said the directors had become?
Today he is chairman of the composition faculty at the Yale Music School and an influential experimentalist in modern music.
The trust was established after the death of former Chairman Henry Ford II to maintain a unified family voice in corporate affairs.
// By refusing to meet Arafat halfway, the US has also weakened his position vis-a-vis PLO extremists, who will remind the PLO chairman that his moderation did not pay off, other Arab sources say.
PHOTO: Tommy Boggs (RICHARD A. BLOOM -- SABA) Robert Strauss A former Democratic National Committee chairman and Bush's envoy to Moscow, he's no longer the only Democrat in town with clout.
Possible war has caused Air Jamaica to put off indefinitely plans for a second daily flight from Los Angeles to Jamaica, says Gordon " Butch " Stewart, chairman.
Satoshi Okubo, chairman of Honda Motor Co. and vice chairman of the Japan Auto Manufacturers
New York Sen. Charles Schumer, chairman of the Democrats ' Senate campaign committee, says Iraq has become " a metaphor " damaging to Bush: Concerns about the administration's competence were raised by the war, ignited by the faltering response to Katrina and reinforced by the maladroit handling of the controversy over a Dubai-owned company taking over some cargo operations at several U.S. ports.
Gazprom, which is 38.4-percent owned by the state and whose board chairman is a top Kremlin official and ally of President Vladimir Putin, says it took over to protect the value of its NTV stake.
The man who told Taylor about FCC Chairman Wiley's invitation was Richard Jencks, the CBS vice-president who served as the company's top Washington lobbyist.
Rubin Rabinowitz, chairman of the company ' s Atlantic Industries unit, which makes chemicals used in dyeing textiles, filed a form showing that his wife bought 5, 000 shares Nov. 16.
Lauder Greenway, chairman, and George S. Moore, president of the Metropolitan Opera Association, announced the postponement of the opening following a meeting of the executive committee of the association's board.
Mr. vanden Heuvel said, had worked along with the nine-member Democratic temporary rules committee, whose vice chairman was former Mayor Robert F. Wagner.
In fact their National Committee chairman, Terry McAuliffe, has even ordered an extra podium for him at the Sept. 25 debate among Democratic candidates in New York City.
Still another possibility discussed was Deputy Mayor Edward F. Cavanagh Jr., a former Fire Commissioner and former New York County Democratic chairman.
CEPCO CORPORATE OFFICES - NIGHT In the early American opulence of CEPCO Chairman Evan MacCormack's office, two men are in a meeting.
1 Scott G. McNealy Chairman, president, CEO, $156,455,732 Sun Micro 2 Craig R. Barrett Executive VP, COO, Intel 138,405,800 3 Lawrence J. Ellison Chairman, president, CEO, Oracle 121,177,695 4 Leslie L. Vadasz Senior VP, Intel 88,969,500 5 Steven A. Burd President, CEO, Safeway 80,937,500 6 Joseph B. Costello President, CEO, 75,837,948 Cadence Design Systems 7 Andrew S. Grove President, CEO, Intel 72,280,400 8 Eric A. Benhamou President, CEO, 3Com 63,323,136 9 Frank C. Gill Executive VP, Intel 54,258,400 10 Paul Hazen Chairman, CEO, Wells Fargo 54,046,318.
Paul Volcker, chairman of the Reserve Board, repeatedly has warned that a falling dollar will increase inflation as prices of imported goods rise.
HOWARD V. CORCORAN, Chairman, Republican State Executive Committee of West Virginia.
For example, John Shivers, president and chairman of the Southwest Bank in Fort Worth, does not want to see any more competition than he has now from large banks.
any others who were interested could read, with their morning coffee, what we had told chairman Stennis and the committee.
Thanks to Gadsden Businessman James Mar tin's near victory in 1962 over Democratic Senator Lister Hill and to the efforts of Republican State Chairman John Grenier, the G.O.P.
// In her position as chairman of the subcommittee on children, family, drugs, and alcoholism, she has urged mandatory, 20-year sentences for large-scale drug importers, along with expanded powers for the US Customs service to make arrests.
They knew that Senator Spocker, chairman of the Congressional Science Committee, had been involved in every meeting, but Senator Spocker was unavailable.
Every week the chairman of our committee writes a paper saying that we had a meeting, that we had 100 percent attendance, that we acted on this, discussed that.
9 Million Workers Exposed // John A. McKinney, the company ' s chairman and chief executive officer, said today at a news conference, " The Government itself needs a bailout from a moral point of view. "
On a more serious note, the White House is doing everything it can, including running a puppet candidate, to unseat National Republican Congressional Committee Chairman Guy Vander Jagt.
22102 703-720-1000 www.capitalone.com Founded: 1995 Revenue: $10.69 billion Net income: $1.54 billion Earnings per share: $6.21 Dividend: 11 cents Stockholder equity: $8.39 billion Auditor: Ernst &; Young LLP Stock: COF (NYSE) Assets: $53.75 billion Market capitalization: $18.49 billion 52-week high: $84.75 (1/3/2005) 52-week low: $61.15 (5/10/2004) Chairman and CEO: Richard D. Fairbank CFO: Gary L. Perlin Employees: 15,000 Local employees: 875 DESCRIPTION:
Says Stephen Riady, 34, the chairman's youngest son and his deputy in Hong Kong: " My father always says that to catch a horse, you've got to ride another fast horse. "
On 22 January 1946, and again on 6 February, Barnes met the railway chairmen but a profitable dialogue did not follow.
Somehow, this argument goes, the national economy is safer if the Fed chairman sits atop a large and stable rank of national banks.
The Chairman was able to recruit Taylor, who had no previous police record or employment problems, by offering him a cut of $28 million.
Under chairman Bob Herz, FASB has embarked on a redo of income statements so that they disclose more specifically whether earnings come from operations or from nonbusiness items like pension gains. "
A still earlier analogue can be found in a device invented by the Chinese Communists (now, of course, swept away by the cult of Chairman Mao)?
That's the day the campaign started in Pennsylvania, " said Harvey Thiemann, state Democratic chairman, The second difficulty is unprecedented in the recent history of the state.
Hall, considered by many to be the more controversial and vituperative of the two, is a former city councilman and transit authority chairman, with more than 18 years in elected or appointed public office.
I don't believe the circumstances of the city are such that it deserves this downgrading of its bondsl, " said Donald R. Bonntwell, senior chairman of the board of Bonniwell &; Co., 505 N. Lake Shore Dr.
A pro -- fessional investor and money manager named Alan Slifka, who is the chairman of the board of the Big Apple Circus, said, " Anna Mae is either the first- or second-smartest ele -- phant in the country -- I 'm not sure which. "
When Rockefeller took over as chairman from George Champion in 1969, he inherited one big mistake-the Chase's
Daley reiterated his support for council reforms after a campaign stop at a North Side nursing home where he told reporters, " I ' ve been for full disclosure of all expenses by aldermen as well as by chairmen of the committees.
20814 301-951-6122 www.american-capital.com Founded: 1986 Revenue: $206.28 million Net income: $117.98 million Earnings per share: $2.15 Dividend: $2.79 Stockholder equity: $1.18 billion Auditor: Ernst &; Young LLP Stock: ACAS (Nasdaq) Assets: $2.04 billion Market capitalization: $2.06 billion 52-week high: $34.91 (2/18/2004) 52-week low: $20.75 (8/15/2003) Chairman and CEO: Malon Wilkus COO: Ira Wagner Employees: 132 Local employees: 50 DESCRIPTION: American Capital Strategies invests in and lends money to medium-size companies in transportation, construction, health care and retailing.
David Kearns, chairman and CEO of Xerox Corporation, says, " American public schools are, by and large, a monopoly provider.
Nikko's chairman, president and six other executives resign.
Dr. Fredrick J. Stare, chairman of the Harvard University department of nutrition, criticized The New York Times for headlining a story from Britain: " Fluoride Study Brings Warning; Britons Find Cell Growth Slowed in Experiments. "
Dr. Norman D. ice covered ited States Newell, Chairman of the Department of sasaurs.
This was the signal for New York's Republican state chairman, L. Judson Morhouse, to issue what amounted to a stinging challenge to Nixon.
Photograph Stephen Case, chairman and CEO of AOL, and Toni Faye, senior consultant to Time Warner Inc. and member of the CBC Foundation Board of Directors, demonstrate their support of the Congressional Black Caucus.
On Capitol Hill, meanwhile, legislation to block decontrol of oil prices was introduced by the chairman of the Senate Energy Committee, Senator Henry M. Jackson, Democrat of Washington, who contended that the cost to the economy ' would be too great to justify the move.
in 1969-70 to fulfill the university's educational and social mission, and sharing President Buell G. Gallagher's recognition that the university can not function under this budget, we the undersigned chairmen of the academic departments at City College herewith tender our resignations as chairmen unless a budget adequate to the functioning and development of the City University is provided. "
As for the drums, Mr. Richard Luce, the benign, white-haired chairman of the Optical Division of the Amateur Astronomers Association, explained them to us at once. "
Speaking of credibility, the chairman of Monsanto finds it " unbelievable that we've gone through years of prolonged debate and still don't have a program " on energy.
Ronald J. Gidwitz, chairman, Illinois State Board of Education, Springfield Safety before savings As Illinois physicians who practice anesthesiology, we commend Jim Ritter and the Chicago Sun-Times for their thorough reporting (Jan. 25) about the tremendous advances made in the safety of anesthesiology.
after James Sasser, a former chairman of Tennessee's Democratic Party, took away his Senate seat in November.
Chase Manhattan Bank, of which Rockefeller is chairman and major stockholder, will become the first U.S. correspondent that the Bank of China has had in 24 years.
Los Angeles ' Click2Asia.com, for example, launched in August armed with investors that include Gareth Chang, chairman of Asian broadcaster StarTV.
Forty per cent of this would come from 2.5 million residential users, according to Thomas G. Ayers, Commonwealth Edison's chairman and president.
If the tide is strong enough, " Michigan's Guy Vander Jagt, chairman of the House Republican campaign committee, had predicted, " we could get 33 seats. "
@@334247 As chairman of J. Walter Thompson, the fifth largest advertising agency in the U.S., Joseph O'Donnell was one of Madison Avenue's golden boys.
National Chairman, now co-manager of the Nixon-Lodge campaign.
He became a professor at the New School of Social Research in New York City; accepted the chairmanship of the President's Commission on Urban Problems; was elected chairman of the board of Freedom House; and became the spokesman for the Citizens Committee for Peace with Freedom in Viet Nam.
Hewlett also relates that her department chairman warned that she might not gain tenure if she got pregnant again.
Gerard Evans, the county's Democratic chairman, said Mills has not responded to attempts by party leaders to reach out to her since her loss in the Democratic primary for county executive.
Comparing Governor Winthrop to Chairman Mao has a two-way efficacy: it makes the easy point that thought control is a game anybody can play, and it credits
The convention's keynote speaker, Dr. John Kenneth Galbraith, national chairman of Americans for Democratic Action and former Ambassador to India, favored a step-by-step de-escalation " There is logic, " he said, " on the side of those who say we should simply withdraw.
The late-May murder of Telex Corporation Chairman Roger Wheeler in Tulsa also has underscored growing concerns for executive safety.
chairman of Revlon, The head of the cosmetic and health-care giant is fighting to fend off Pantry Pride, the corporate vehicle Mr. Perelman is using in his $1.
He became deputy chairman of GOSPLAN, the state planning committee, in 1963, a Deputy Premier in 1965 and a full member of the Politburo last November.
The company has had no leader since the February suicide of Chairman Eli M. Black, who had created United Brands in 1970 by merging his own AMK Corp.
As chairmen of the Senate Committee on the Judiciary, the Senate Committee on Armed Services, and the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence, they were a powerful group.
House-State Department stance, Sen. J. W. Fulbright (D) of Arkansas, influential chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, says, " We would not concede anything. "
Van Andel, 58, and DeVos, 56, are chairman and president of Amway, a large direct-selling organization that claims $1.5 billion in annual sales and at least 1 million distributors, mostly part-timers, who peddle the company's diverse line of products, from laundry detergents to health food.
House Ways and Means Chairman Al Ullman and the Carter administration claim to be adamant that there should be some taxation of investment profits that
Arthurl Burns (chairman of the Fed) has got Rockefeller real excited about it, " says the Senator.
After a surprising amount of what can only be described as dithering over the appointments, it comprised Lord Inman as Chairman, 63 one full-time Member, F. G. Hole, ' and three part-time Members, Mrs E. H.
Then the chairman, who was very much liked by everyone, said in his pleasant way, " Couldn't we invite Mrs. Roosevelt?
Connecticut Democrat Robert Giaimo, the powerful chairman of the House Budget Committee, called it " statesmanlike. "
After the election, many members called for the resignation of Chairman Ichio Asukata, 68, who had led the group since 1977.
Although Radford wanted to be Chief of Naval Operations, he agreed to become chairman because he felt that he, like Bradley, would receive a fifth star.
He reportedly clashed with chairman Greenspan over raising interest rates.
Davidson, the new chairman, is an alumnus of Stanford University, former managing director of TIME International and publisher of TIME magazine for six years, during which it prospered handsomely. "
The one remark that brought down the house was by the Malay chairman?
Even the secretary of the Fogg flunked this question-not to mention the chairman of Princeton's art department.
I put some oysters back and got a frown from the Malay chef.
When I get to a hotel that I ' m going to be in for more than a day or two, I go to the kitchen and introduce myself to the chef and then send him a bottle of Scotch or really fine brandy, and I ask him what he ' s got that ' s especially good.
Now we have five sous chefs who all are responsible for running chunks of the kitchen, and I work running the sous chefs and pulling them together. "
Top honors went to the male chefs, who had undergone long classical training either as apprentices or in professional schools, and who were celebrated for their creativity and inventiveness with new dishes.
Because my next-door neighbor, Obax Geeddi Abtidoon, a rich and beautiful Somalian who wanted to be a chef but was getting her degree in polar studies when she wasn't cooking curry and making sliced carrot salad for everyone on the floor, had given me the ginger beer starter and how could I be so rude as to throw it out?
Fat makes burgers juicy, " says Jamie Purviance, author and chef for Weber Grills. "
Now, Bocuse knows all this, and he is one of the most brilliant chefs in France.
Chef Andrew O'Connell of The Trellis in Williamsburg, Va., says every single dessert on the restaurant's menu has some chocolate in it, with the big killer best-seller the Death By Chocolate seven-layer cake that is such a pain to make that if you followed the recipe they cheerfully provide
Jean-Paul had thrown together the food, though he rarely cooked at home: he was a chef now, in his father's restaurant.
Smart chefs will use chicken broth instead of butter, but at Mom's table, smart doesn't always cut it.
he says, " how many chefs say for their last great feast they would like things on the order of tripe a la mode de Caen, cassoulet, and breaded pig's feet?
The chefs, in their white hats and full-length aprons, looked up from their cauldrons.
A traditional recipe is given in chapter 4, but, as noted there, different herbs and vegetables can be used, depending on the type of fish being prepared, the region, and the whim of the chef.
Chefs are exceedingly difficult to translate because they are imprecise about amounts and, since they are speaking to fellow professionals, they may leave out whole operations.
But as long as you're checking with the chef MAITRE D ' I'll ask.
, as long as they're nicely dressed, " says Kelly, 29, a flame-haired Brooklyn pastry chef.
The following delectable recipes have been gathered mostly from top restaurant chefs and adapted for the home cook.
CHEF JOHN MEYER John Meyer is chef and owner of the Retreat Restaurant in Chicago.
Chef Julia Child often brings along a roast lamb sandwich from home.
Trey Graham Plano, Texas BEST FEET FORWARD " I 'm an executive chef who works most weekends, and when I come
13 Admiral LATA300AA $440 16 Magic Chef W227L $460 * 44x27x27 in.
Workers at Wired magazine in San Francisco used to whip up tofu dishes in a dingy pantry until chef Philip Ferrato was brought in to offer dishes such as gazpacho with organic heirloom tomatoes.
by some of the best-known chefs in America. "
Magic Chef has been among the less reliable brands of top-loading machines.
He had a closet full of expensive clothes, but right now he wore a pair of houndstooth check pants with frayed cuffs, a white chef jacket, and a New Orleans Saints baseball cap.
the kitchen when chefs would let him get away with it. "
The meaning was pretty clear, but Newsweek spelled it out, saying that the chef " routinely expresses contempt for women in the kitchen.
When chef Lydia Shire of Biba restaurant in Boston first worked in a French kitchen, she got a crash course in preparing internal organs. "
Then there are the five maids, two live-in nannies, a chef and two drivers.
Thousands of chefs have already announced that they will not use any biotech foods that enter the marketplace, even though they've never tasted these foods or learned how they were developed.
helicopter, the yacht with a crew of 14, the personal chef, the Rolls-Royces, the thing Maxwell really values most is time.
He is an executive chef, certified by the American Culinary Federation, and he serves on the board of trustees of the American Culinary Federation Educational Institute.
He's a great chef, " Emeric said.
But no worries: Rocco DiSpirito, executive chef at Union Pacific and star of NEC's The Restaurant, had a papparadelle
Anyhow, the Crillon chef's nose is out of joint.
Elsewhere in the clean, spacious kitchen, chefs corked the duck bottoms with long wooden stoppers, filled the birds with boiling water and leave them out to dry.
In Decatur, Ala.. Roy Bu chef closed his cash register at his restaurant on Saturday and discovered a $10 shortage.
She was getting pretty tired of the instant macaroni-and-cheese suppers she'd been fixing herself, with an occasional chicken potpie or can of Chef Boyardee ravioli thrown in to break the monotony.
If you had lived here as long as I have, you would know that the Chinese and Malaysian chefs at this place can not cook anything that is not Chinese or Malaysian.
Then a swinging door slammed open in the adjacent dining room and a tall, villainous looking Italian in a soiled chef's cap barged in. "
Initial browning also offers the chef the opportunity to flour the meat, which will help bind the finished liquid without giving it a floury taste.
Her chef, Huy Tran, was born in Vietnam.
On the other hand, you never know what's in a chef's salad when you deal with this chef. "
Mr. Bouterin, the chef and owner of Bouterin restaurant on East 59th Street, puts a boned shoulder of lamb with vegetables, wine and stock in the oven, hangs a DO NOT DISTURB sign on the oven door and leaves the lamb alone for seven hours.
According to executive chef David Berry, Britain's best organic suppliers are found in Devon, so the menu is based on local produce and includes dishes like a tian of Teignmouth lobster with caviar crme frache, moorland game terrine with tomato compote and a comforting " adult nursery dish of the day " (cottage pic, for example).
She read and waited for lunch, delicate pasta dishes and risotti, salads and souffles the chefs rustled up for the scholars, their spouses, and lovers.
wild mushroom is much sought after by chefs for its smoky, earthy flavor.
We'll even bet that the upcoming arrival of new head chef won't disrupt a detail at Jilly's.
There's even a formal dining room with waiters and chefs on hand for executive banquets, just like in Dallas.
At the end of the cooking lesson, Jones says to the chef: " The most important question for you, Dave, is this: What are you doing for the next six months?
Chef John Coletta has gone all out and fashioned a very enjoyable menu of Italian dishes that delight and at times dazzle.
Yet while everyone around builds higher, pastry chef Maury Rubin's signature desserts remain decidedly flat.
While the southwestern flavors behind the cooking at this very stylish, folk-art filled restaurant were being explored by a handful of other chefs, most notably Stephen Pyles of the Routh Street Cafe in Dallas and Robert del Grande of Cafe Annie in Houston.
And signs of the celebrityhood that has overtaken great chefs in the last 20 years (at Bocuse, outside Lyons, flashbulbs went off every few minutes " as the crowd scrambled to document their presence at Bocuse ").
What about those charming photos of pretty young chefs choosing fresh strawberries and placing them in a wicker basket at the open-air farmers ' market?
Keith Jeanminette, pastry chef at Masa's, San Francisco, says many of his pear and apple desserts pair well with the honied character of Muscat Beaumes-de-Venise, as do desserts with oranges, tangerines and apricots.
Sherry Tualaulelei was instrumental in the conviction and thirty-three year imprisonment of the pastry chef's boss, Sinio " Sally Comfort " Conforte, who had " borrowed " a car to sneak out for a visit to his mistress.
A super invitation - Congratulations are in order for Bruce Molzan, the Ruggles Grill chef and owner who has been invited back to the Super Bowl for Taste of the NFL V. Coca-Cola and the NFL invite a top chef and former NFL player to help tackle hunger.
The chef at the Four Seasons required a week's notice.
My uncle had often intimated that everyone who worked at The Lord Nelson Hotel, bellhops, waiters, laundresses, chefs, desk clerks, cleaning ladies, were one big family.
Ever the practical chef, she pulls out store-bought pumpkin seeds to make pesto for the frittata when the zucchini she opens do not yield mature-enough seeds to roast.
@@397228 // Hurtling toward American Idol's hotly anticipated climax, finalists Kelly Clarkson, Nikki McKibbin and Justin Guarini savor living large in a mansion equipped with a personal chef (and an on-call shrink) Sunup on L.A.'s Mulholland Drive and the only evidence Tamyra Gray ever dwelled here with the other American Idol finalists is a note she left behind, like some message from a reality-TV ghost.
// Remo Raicovich, the chef, cooks the maccaruni perfectly; they are resilient yet tender.
The chef makes " noodles " out of long chewy strips of cuttlefish and mounds them in the center of a burnished origami-like bowl with a julienne of daikon, burdock root stained orange to look like carrots, precise rounds of sliced okra, orange salmon eggs and sea urchin.
Litwin believes we've only seen the tip of the iceberg in beer cookery: " It's a matter of giving chefs the time with the ingredients.
My congratulations to your chef, Sir Richard, " Muller said, patting his great midriff affectionately like a pet dog.
Oh, and there was that small incident with the visiting Michelin-starred chef that had circulated in less time than it took to make a croque-monsieur.
He thought about the chef, the rest of them that had fled through the back door.
French-trained chef Hisayuki " Max " Muramatsu, formerly with Maxim's of Paris in Tokyo and Anton &; Michel's in Carmel, prepares French, Japanese and California fusion dishes -- not to mention
For instance, chef Anita Lo's Barbecued Breast of Chicken, Suzanne Goin's Succotash Salad, and Nobu Matsuhisa's Parmesan Baked Small Scallops are unique yet accessible.
a usually friendly duty marred by the chef, who got into an argument with him and stamped out of the kitchen on Wednesday, leaving everybody in the lurch.
Albert Oswald, a renown European chef with numerous Parisian culinary awards, exemplifies the boisterous lifestyle of the Alps, which derives mischievous enjoyment in temporarily converting rather staid visitors.
Chef Anthony and his staff work in an open kitchen so diners at The Inn &; Spa at Cedar Falls can order their meals and then watch the preparation.
So,  the Chef du Village says with a shrug, already scanning down the line. "
Seppi Renggli, chef of The Four Seasons restaurant in New York, created his own spa cuisine in conjunction with a nutritionist.
The Bouquet Garni The bouquet garni has become so standardized that chefs often add it to a stew with little thought as to how the herbs meld with the stew's other components.
Along the back roads white-hatted chefs follow in minibuses, stopping to prepare impromptu picnics wherever the highflying drifters happen to land.
Manager told me, explaining that she had two first-class men chefs, one a general chef and one a pastry chef, to manage her main restaurant kitchens, and a very capable woman head cook for the staff restaurant.
CHEF CLAYTON SHERROD Clayton Sherrod is owner and operator of Chef Clayton's Food Systems, Inc., an extensive catering and food service operation founded in 1977 and based in Birmingham, Ala.
They've been told that a guest who craves a dish not featured on the menu can order it anyway, and the chef will do his best to accommodate the request.
They had three children -- Meredith, 26, a preschool teacher; Lauren, 24, a pastry chef; and Adam, 18, a high school senior -- and Gockley remains a devoted family man, speaking of all three with obvious pride and affection.
@@416263 A pastry chef shows that decorating is child's play Photograph Pastry chef Emily Luchetti shows how to pipe icing from the corner of a plastic bag.
CAMERA FINDS PREACHER, wearing a starched chef's outfit.
As the entire group follows me downstairs toward the third floor, the chef -- Bongo from Venezuela via Vunderbahr, Moonclub, Paddy-O and MasaMasa -- lights a cigarette and lowers his sunglasses while trying to keep up with me. "
She graduated with honors in April 1991 with an associate degree in food and hospitality and a chef apprenticeship certification.
Loretta Keller, chef at Bizou, is not generally a devotee of fruit in savory dishes -- except in the fall.
If the chef is a gifted cook, you will dine well; if he has a touch of genius, you will dine memorably.
Chefs throughout the country favor merlot in their brown sauces for its appropriately soft texture - velvet wine in a satin sauce.
// What sets these apart from most other local restaurants, and indeed from most other restaurants in France, is that in both cases the chefs are women.
ORECCHIETTE AND FAVA BEAN SUMMER SALAD (6 servings) From Yann Henrotte, corporate chef at B &B; Washington's Caterers
We think he's the best chef in the world.
The chef had cooked the tongue to perfection -- tender and not too done, just shy of bloody.
While they were dating, executive chef Jonathan Jones of the Tasting Room took his wife to Empress
Tribeca and True Trained as a pastry chef, Rachel Thebault opened New York's Tribeca Treats -- a neighborhood (and citywide) destination for truffles, bonbons and customized birthday and wedding cakes -- in 2007.
- What makes the place special: " The restaurant is nothing special, but the hospitality of the chef was incredible.
The European chef there was miserable and kept saying that women had no strength, no stamina and no concentration, " says Rosenzweig, who went on to become the controversial vice chairman at Manhattan's exclusive " 21 " Club, as well as chef-partner at her own New York City restaurant, Arcadia.
But last January, marine researchers joined a group ranging from top chefs to food critics and journalists to celebrate the swordfish by not including it on the menu.
My 23-year-old nephew had been a chef and loved the
This refreshing appetizer, inspired by a redpefrom chef Robert St. John's book A Southern Palate, showcases Gulf Coast shrimp.
Barber is no ordinary ' cue chef, either.
A year and a half ago, Dr. Sternglass reported that, theoretically, he could account for all observed Properties of the simplest of a type of particle known as mesons, the so-called neutral pi meson, by assuming it to consist of an electron and positron circling each other in a tight orbit (0.0000000000001 centimeters in diameter) and at speeds near that of light.
411 SKY SHOT - CIRCLING BIRDS Sea gulls are soaring overhead.
He had already circled our block about ten times in a row and each time he got a little closer to the house, as if he were zeroing in on a target.
He circled the car and touched it gently with the rubber tip of his cane, touched it several places, on a taillight, a hubcap, the front bumper, the name on the grill. "
Three hundred men and women sat swaying on tightly packed lines of folding chairs, eyes tightly clenched in trance-like ecstasy as they beckoned an unseen paramour with circling comehither hands.
Instantly, a crewman flipped a switch to deploy a smoke marker and the aircraft turned hard right to circle back on the contact point. "
The situation in the condenser and in the conductor, at the moment that the plates were chargeless and the current was zero, was, then, a very strange one that had never been conceived of before: a magnetic field in empty space with its lines of force circling a wire in which no current was flowing and circling the empty space between the condenser plates with no charges on them.
He did not stop moving, but kept circling, circling, knees bent, in a kind of squat; as he passed the table he seized a bottle by the neck and broke it in half -- crack -- on the table edge, and kept moving.
I turn and watch Justin push his way in slow motion through the group of boys circling Liz and put his arm around her and toss his beer can away.
Everything was a chore except thinking about Paul Kellogg, the cutest boy in school, and the way we'd danced together, once in the high school gym, once when nobody saw us, circling around a dumpster at the shopping center.
The Nimrod circled two hundred miles east of Jan Mayen
Over the threshold is a holoform: a pig with wings, circled by the legend " Hog Heaven!
Now the icy wayfarer was picking up speed, and the star had become a shining yellow sphere, its intense light illuminating the planets circling it.
Again those forepaws lashed and circled, again beasts leaped and darted in their frenzied efforts to evade him; some to succeed, two more to die.
More Gothas were circling above and below, propellers churning through the murk, their familiar Wong-wong filling the fog.
The opulent fabric that made up this part of town has been irrevocably torn, allowing these few houses, circled by ancient shade trees and deep gardens, to stand out in strong relief against the nearby parking garage, blankly modern bank, and abandoned lot.
Scannell circled the big black car warily and confirmed that it was the governor's.
And so Tonweya omitted the story of his circling these pte and he left out any mention of the grasshopper who pointed out the proper ridge.
// My questions were endless, and touched on everything, though they tended to circle around, again and again, to my obsession, the metals.
The earth was thick with the scent of my prey-a deliberate move, as he weaved and circled, permeating this patch of forest with his smell, hoping to throw me off the trail.
Knau and I will keep circling to the right.
Circling the globe in slightly different orbits 15 times a
We circled, underlined, and clipped with abandon.
The dahlias limply circled the signpost, like sluggish water round a drain.
And all around me people shouting, shouting and something like water rushing in through my head and circling my skull.
A new concrete road ran up to it and circled it to rejoin itself and fade away into the dun thistle-strewn hills.
While all this was going on, a diversionary flotilla of ships carrying catapults and assault troops circled around the island, put ashore and attacked at various points.
I step onto the peat, which gives like a mattress, and the insects circle me in clouds.
The connected 20th-century galleries that circle the court on the upper level are elegantly proportioned, also daylit from above
He looked at the gayly striped awn- | ings scattered over the garden, at the cool grottoes, at the shining whiteness of the graceful statues, at the shimmering pond on which circled the black and white swans, preening, and the ludicrous Chinese ducks who took themselves so seriously and were therefore belligerent.
No matter what problems circled, prowling and growling, around him, North never put down his whip and chair, invisible though they might be, and once he began directing, every person on the set was convinced that
@@366502 Watching Fido lounge by the radiator or snowball arrogantly circle her designer litter box, it's hard to believe that dogs and cats were originally domesticated for practical purposes (dogs hunted; cats chased vermin away).
Instead, they got all their electronic information from the two circling E-2C air-surveillance aircraft, known colloquially as Hummers, whose radars swept a circle over four hundred miles across
Cadmann watched as they circled out over the plain, then vanished in the mist that reached halfway down the face of Mucking Great Mountain. "
| They circled the hotel once, everybody looking down at the sprawling buildings and the docks and at the manager who came running out waving his arms.
Must have circled back when he wasn't looking.
Maybe he'd wake up still on the plane, still circling La Guardia Airport, sipping champagne.
He crawled through the sweet corn, trying to circle around the party of Klingons who had devastated the Federation outpost.
I could feel it coming, just as I could hear his motorcycle circling.
You go along Gorki Street and within ten minutes you've circled back to the same sagging glory-to-Lenin sign you started from, and these resigned, contentious crowds shufflingabout, all you smell is solitude and fear.... " In Moscow the three travelers have become more detached from each other, the triad tends to split into its separate tones, Claire on her * * 29; 8467; TOOLONG gun in your lap, and carrying it around under your coat ain't making things better.
The pack of Dobermans were circling mound impatiently in the out grass, obviously confused. "
He was walking around the bed, quietly now, circling to the far wall.
They circled Pedestrian cautiously, like wrestlers looking for an opening.
But critics wonder why the charter wasn't written long ago -- Cambone took the job in March 2003 -- and say the Pentagon appears to be circling its wagons to ensure that it doesn't lose any power.
Father Smyth, tending the wounded, was met by a trooper who circled him, aiming a cocked pistol at his breast.
Instead of taking the more direct route, Leila circled the outside of the marketplace once and took a spur road that ran at a diagonal to the shiny black asphalt.
By the time Sam had give up and noticed what I was doing, I was a hundred yards off and going brisk, and the burro was circling off south of us both, his pack tree waggling.
They walked down the gravel path, circled the pool and fountain.
And as Boone and Hilly are circling each other, Flo joins Squire, Russell, and Mr. Wilson who are watching, from the front gate.)
But, well, let me put it this way: If one is not where one thinks one is, or is misled as to the time required to circle back to a designated spot, then I suppose, in terms of
There is a sense of awe among the others, as they circle a live American.
It showed the live feed from the cockpit of one of the fighter-bombers as it circled high above Petra, broadcast around the world via the Global Community News Network.
Somebody must be walking about down there in the bamboo and banana bushes, a tangle so thick that even the cats circled around it.
Vance honked the horn a few times, then circled the station calling me and looked into the men's room again.
I really didn't know what to expect, so I was just holding a mackerel in my hand and then this shark started circling me.
Reynolds Price is the author of more than 30 books, including Kate Vaiden, for which he received the National Book Critics Circle Award in 1986
There's at least a half dozen apartments I circled that would be perfect.
Small-boned, with light brown hair and blue-green eyes, she dressed like the perfectly conservative product of a conservative school except that a delicate tracery of tattooed flowers circled one thin white wrist and was almost unnoticeable beneath the leather band of her watch.
The adults sat just as she had left them, eyes closed, mouths open slightly, their sound beating like a living thing, their thumbs and forefingers circled into perfect O's.
When you lose a track, make a swing to one side and circle out in front.
One of the shitdogs circled the base, and in the distance I saw another lumbering toward the mountains.
Roy would circle and circle looking in vain for his opening, and then -- it never failed to happen -- Julian would cock back his right arm, cry " Ya!
Author Affiliation LEE SMITH is the author of three story collections and twelve novels, including Oral History (1983), Fair and Tender Ladies (1988), and The Last Girls (2002), cowinner of the Southern Book Critics Circle Award for Fiction.
Janet circled him at a distance as though he might still be dangerous.
It is humbling to realize that still other totally different kinds of planets, beyond our imagining, must be circling stars elsewhere in the galaxy.
Otis and Brady approached each other similarly; circling in small, glidingsteps, each moving opposite his opponent's crooked left arm, each one's left elbow down in front of his left ribs, each one's left hand extendedshoulder-high a foot, each one's right hand cocked back below his right cheek ready to attack or defend.
His captor began to pace the floor chain-smoking, holding the rope which still circled Todd's waist.
forever circling the town, meeting with the police chief, presiding over candlelight vigils.
The evening is blue in the shadows, and swarms of mosquitoes circle around the smoke, billowing out into the breeze.
Circle yes if it is your mother or father or a sibling (if a stepsibling, circle no) // Y / N Did this relative get the disease with a suspected genetic link before age sixty-five?
But when we start to circle the wagons around those whom we identify as highly committed or somehow more pure in the faith, we become sectarian and move away from being church.
A Montana pass to Earl Cooper picked up 5 more before Solomon circled left end on a wide receiver reverse for 14 more.
A slim bracelet of copper circled his left wrist.
A diamond collar circled his neck and diamond guards glinted on his wrists and ankles.
Once again everyone was circled; and once again everyone was afraid to make the move.
While circling over Algeria's Blida Airport in anticipation of De Gaulle's departure, the pilot was dismayed to see that a swarm of helicopters had taken off at once.
Using the observations of the planets that had been made over many centuries, he was able to calculate the time it took for each of the five known planets to circle the Sun.
They were easily distinguished from the women of the desert region near Hijaneh who wore bright yellows and pinks, their foreheads circled by a series of gold discs.
Like the Russian astronauts who circled the earth and did not see God.
As soon as he got there, a host of white flowers flew up from under his feet and circled above him anxiously like startled pigeons.
The jerking stiff-jointed puppets circled him, shuffling and bobbingp229along the floorboards.
Three tanks circled the square and then drove off.
With no enemy anti-aircraft fire, U.S. spy planes circle the sky, daring al-Qaeda fighters to step out of their caves and become glowing infrared targets.
He walked over and dropped the blanket and started to circle around her, making sounds that bordered on astonishment and the obscene. "
as he circled the pump and coaxed it up the drive, awning flapping, scales banging, and, swinging wildly at the rear bumper, the red kerosene lantern he used as a taillight.
Circling SAPPHO while singing, TIMAS, ANACTORIA and CLEIS dress her in the death-gown, as she had dressed ANACTORIA as Aphrodite in Act I. SAPPHO enters the death-cave, where ATTHIS sees her as the figure of Death.
Other silkies were dimly visible beyond them, pale and dark circling together in the blue gloom.
Yet, there is something, some emotion they all seem to circle but never successfully describe about the pain of their lives that, Anita feels certain, just might be the point.
Once out of sight, the buck angled to circle around me.
He circled the priest and went to stand behind Caroline.
They recrossed the stream she had waded down, and ahead she saw a bend in the trail, where the path dipped down a bit, then turned sharply to circle three big boulders.
Circling the city, indeed its primary vein of extra-human, by day it thrust the streets back upon their own mortality, miserable or effete.
Most ofthem were slumped in rows of plastic chairs that were fixed to the floor, but a few circled the walls in constant motion while others sat on the floor itself.
We would circle the town before landing on the race track.
Some deep encoded pattern drew her to her children and made her circle them: her body itself was a divide
They propped Robert up and draped him across their shoulders -- one arm circling Morgan's neck, one arm circlingBilly's.
It was circled by a ring of pain, like fire, and the ring was pulsing. "
Lee could not allow anyone to be behind her, and she didn't like to stand against the wall the way the others did, so she had to keep circling relentlessly to " keep everyone properly placed. "
had to wade through weaving bodies and waving tails, circling him, doubling back, rubbing his ankles, and getting under his feet-all the while yowling in the operatic voices of Siamese.
From a plane circling overhead, they looked like the expiring victim and the dismal survivor of a wrenching, thundering encounter in the night. "
In the first half of the ' ' 80s, whether you were counting on the valiity of expressive representation or a disabused contemplation of the simulacrum, early ' ' 80s histrionics or mid- ' ' 80s cool, the advancement of modernist self-reflection or an opening to topical content such as the incipient AIDS crisis, you could find something in Bleckner's work to support your position.
Contemplation that does not attend and discriminate is either not aesthetic contemplation at all, or it is the aesthetic contemplation of something else?
Polderhaas naturally assumed that the clone was rapt in visual contemplation of an organ which he had just described graphicallyas peeg as a toog's funnel ' when Colin gulped and uttered the word Norbert ', adding, a moment later, must go and find him.
I'd better go see for myself, " Brucker said, leaving Dewart in bitter contemplation of the pagoda.
A man with a woman ought to be single in purpose, intent on the one act, not weakened and hurried by contemplations beyond the limits of bcd.
A thousand different dialects and tongues could not lift its air of brooding and weighty contemplation, nor its wealth.
I pictured them prowlingthe campus like male dogs who have picked up the scent of a female inheat, an image the contemplation of which left me feelingemasculated, excluded, and faintly aroused.
I want to assume that both in the contemplation of the arts (thinking about) and in the doing of them (thinking in), intellectual engagement is of the essence.
Besides, the smoke teaches contemplation and patience, and it is a child's job to be impatient. "
Unum, 1991, draws on a primordial vocabulary of cosmic geometry-circles, spirals, diamonds and squares -- to evoke a mood of mystical awe and contemplation.
Every academic discipline must include a contemplation of human sex, don't you agree? "
Gold was good at daydreaming and gave himself up to the contemplation of what it would be like to work with Ralph for the President, marry Andrea, share her apartment in Washington, fuck her richer and even more attractive friends, serve on a Presidential Commission on education, and be an overpaid professor of Urban Studies.
But Joan kept her reservations to herself and the housewife hugged her aproned belly selfprotectivelyand smiled with glee in contemplation of her cousin's wealth.
He was still gripping her hand, looking into her face with a faraway, dreamy contemplation that made her feel nervous.
Unfortunately, the schedule didn't leave much time for contemplation. "
The first item made her freeze with a just-washed plate in one hand, her eyes looking out over their small backyard in startled contemplation.
Klinger hung up the telephone and prepared to resume cleaning painting by Donna Schuster -- the portrait of a summer-frocked woman, who, standing in a sunlit rose arbor with her head tilted in dreamy contemplation, seemed to Klinger (a lifelong bachelor) to embody the essence of femininity -- when it occurred to him that there must be works of similar luminosity languishing in cellars, sheds, and attics across the land.
Even as the mourners, the neighborhood regulars, the religious, and the old gathered in the church, spreading themselves on the hard wooden benches like birds on branches, Owl gave herself up without shame to her most extravagant feelings, the pure contemplation of life and death.
Here in the heart of Tokyo, the remaining hundred-foot-wide expanses of water populated with ducks and lined with people were stunning, inviting, an inducement to contemplation.
Naturally he hoped that his lords were satisfied with his work over the years, but he had never dreamed of being given his own castle to command, especially one so important as Lydford, and every now and again a quick smile cracked the serious expression on his face as his glee momentarily flared, quenching his nervous contemplation.
Then he moved on to live in ashrams and conventsin India and in Africa, where he steeped himself in contemplation.
Everythingabout her denoted plainly that her contemplation is not whether to take a mate, but how -- what mode of feminineguile nature has endowed her with to employ to make her conquest overwhelming and satisfying!
A public nerve vibrated with the contemplation of this taciturn young man who must have suffered a greatp263deal.
That vein began in the 1920s as a confrontation between the Asian arts of contemplation and the Western arts that celebrate man.
Slowly, in her contemplation of Fabian and of his pleasure in being with her, Manuela succumbed to a realization that if he was not threatened by the form and shape of her pleasure, it need not pose a barrier to her.
The Prelude is a retrospective account of the stages by which Wordsworth's mind matured, passing from the revolutionary ardour of // youth, through disillusionment, to withdrawal into a life of contemplation.
But when Bob Leffingwell, after another dip in the pool and a few more minutes of somber contemplation of the great white city sprawled along the Potomac, went finally to answer the insistent telephone, it was not the Jason he expected who was on the line. "
If, with the Greeks, we regard knowledge as contemplation rather than as a productive art, then art will be secondary to the aesthetic, " creation " will be secondary to " taste, " and the scientist will assume a lower rank than the dilettante. "
Just below the tea garden terrace, on the roof of a poor house a woman in a gray scarf watered her plants with her head down, as though contemplation of the splendid view were the prerogative of socio-economic strata higher than hers.
Perhaps by marking the end of that sad anniversary with such drama, the bizarre weather phenomenonhad startled him out of thoughts of death and into the contemplation of wonders.
In contemplation we stand upon the heights of faith, free from the doubts or fears that assail us in the present season of our lives.
Similarly a poem, like a picture, properlyappreciated, stands away from us as an object on its own, but the poetry that has gripped, the poetry of which it is composed, when read as an unfolding process, combines with correspondingprocesses by which we find ourselves to some extent carried away, and that our identification with them will have been essential to the subsequent contemplation of the work of art as an image not only of an independent and completed object but of the ego's integration.
Then here came a pain spasm, and Randolph gave himself over to its contemplation.
instance, put a premium on speed and this is reflected in the superinduced admiration for the quickness rather than the quality of wit and has somehow equated the process of contemplation?
Like religion the contemplation of history devalues the present, and, weakening our place, reconciles us to having one.
in the Ignatian exercises had given him the facility of projecting himself out of the terms of time and space into a solitude of contemplation.
Present Stage of Change: exercise, Contemplation (Stage 2); diet, Maintenance (Stage 5) Challenge: " Since I was little I've had uncontrollable cravings for cakes and pastries.
William sat staring after him, his sheepish grin fading to a look of contemplation.
When Advent arrived that year, I decided to observe the season by taking a daily walk along that hidden road as a form of contemplation.
His teapots are homages to the ideas of ritual, contemplation, protocol and cross-cultural exchange embodied by the form.
I suggest you spend tomorrow afternoon in quiet contemplation.
She could find that place if she needed to, but for now she just lightened her grip on the steering wheel, then stared in contemplation at the recessed Chrysler
If I had been allowed to live my life in peaceful contemplation, like a boy lying in the forest next to the lake, listening to the splashing of the water and looking at the treetops swaying in the breeze beneath the infinitely high sky?
Where in short he can be by himself in quiet contemplation and suck spiritual nourishment from the liquid Communion in his hand and clarify his head.
There was time for happiness and heartache, discovery and contemplation.
Out of that isolation in motion comes every inspiration, from contemplation (Langston Hughes ' " The Negro Speaks of Rivers ") to adventure (Hemingway's stories) to despair.
It arises from a contemplation that touches the whole cycle of human emotions.
He had devoted his adult life to the contemplation of God.
Ch'eng-yin means " seal of purity " and may mean " seal of Ch'eng-kuan or Pure Contemplation
Adrian had called it his " retreat, " and had spent most of his leisure here among " my beloved books, my dearest companions, " yet it did not possess that peculiar atmosphere of contemplation and profound communion and repose that distinguishes the true library, the true study, of an intellectual man.
Nearly all their waking hours they passed in prayer, contemplation, mortification, reading of Scripture, attendance on the preachingof their master.
It remained the language of reading and contemplation in later centuries of many English ecclesiastics, including those of the Protestant faith.
When breakfast was past, the world seemed supernally bright, and Hooper was in no mood anymore for the petty agonies of contemplation.
She opened her eyes against the sun, and she laughed, a small, rather surprisingly cynical laugh; then after a moment's contemplation, she raised the hand nearest to me from where it dangled to tin ground and placed it between the legs of my trousers, directly on my penis.
In a sense, it is itself transformed in the process into an object of interested but somewhat detached contemplation.
, China will instill a new dimension in a body that was al slipping more and more away from reality and into the contemplation of its own image.
The two most common paths for nuns have been public service or secluded contemplation.
Yet President Kennedy, this year urging not merely a holiday from labors but " a day of contemplation, " pointed out that " awesome perils remain to be faced. "
The breasts looked ridiculous, and after a moment of contemplation she decided to try to sculpt them into a more realistic shape.
// The 10 runners-up, in no special order of preference, are: // " That ' s Life, " Blake Edwards ' s gaudy but introspective comedy about mortality in Hollywood, starring Julie Andrews and Jack Lemmon, each at the peak of their accumulated talents; " Decline of the American Empire, " Denys Arcand ' s French-Canadian talkfest about a group of self-absorbed academicians who see the Fall of the West in their own love lives; Bertrand Tavernier ' s " ' Round Midnight, " a paean to bebop with an amazing, laid-back, bebop performance by the musician Dexter Gordon; Alain Cavalier ' s " Therese, " a sweet, unphony, radiantly beautiful contemplation of the life of St. Therese of Lisieux; David Cronenberg ' s striking remake of " The Fly, " with Jeff Goldblum as the soon-to-be-speck on the floor.
I'll have a starling shall be taught to speak/Nothing but " Mortimer, " and give it him/To keep his anger still in motion: in Frank's contemplation of such passion, perfectly preserved, forever safe, his stomach forgot itself.
contemplation of new forms of security adapted to a nuclear age.
This atmosphere was silence, not the silence of contemplation or of meditation, of reverie or reflection, but merely an almost complete absence of human utterance.
The Englishman nodded several times, as if in rueful contemplation of a past life full of errors.
It seemed to be the right time for some restful contemplation of what the hell was coming loose and a relaxing IV of white rum. "
I 'm ready for my period of forlorn contemplation and occasional outbursts of exhilaration prompted by a particularly brilliant passage.
Before I can respond, Drew's voice changes completely, going from a tone of sheer terror to one of contemplation and calm. "
For his refusal to soften her suffering, for his silent contemplation of the reality of her father's condition, the girl is grateful; she is both weakened and strengthened.
Additional gallows humor might be drawn from contemplation of the average American, with a $10,000 medical bill (a not unusual circumstance these days), being asked to pay with the glib
Peter Baron glanced at them all through the fronts of the shops, but there was one that detained him in supreme contemplation.
When the noon bell rang, they would all go to their dormitories for ten minutes of prayer and contemplation; then they would proceed to the dining hall for dinner.
It is inconceivable that he should have shared Hamilton's satisfaction at the contemplation of women and children?
And since it is relatively quiet, it offers a good place four contemplation.
Were the tenants of these, they might wonder, engaged in some ritual act of contemplation, surprised by
Questions to him focused on topics ranging from the proper education suited for a gentleman to the appropriate education for young women, although the latter group was not " a subject of systematic contemplation " for Jefferson (Lipscomb and Bergh 1903, 5: 185-88, 15: 165-67).
Erica turns from contemplation of the entrance to the coffee shop, where Brian's mistress might at any moment appear. "
In the hour of contemplation, we rest in that assurance and can commit our cares to God's steadfast
While the imagination of some thinkers and reformers was stirred by the contemplation of new life developing in the new lands, others were moved towards the scientific study of the past.
He imagined how it might have been had he met her in the city, in the anonymity of a booth, Elena on one side of the glass, he on the other, two strangers trapped in their silent contemplation of each other.
The contemplation took het mind off Avril's ranting until the woman snagged her shoulder. "
NISHIOKA: Many adult leaders of young people are so desperate for contemplation that they immediately assume the young people must love it as well.
The mad Titus, obsessed with his suffering and his revenge, " says S. Clarke Hulse, " looks at every object around him for the reflection of his personal state " (113), in order that even as Titus ' s house becomes " the spatial extension of himself, " so his study (the room) becomes " the object of his contemplation -- his grief and revenge " (116).
Minnesota, but my, how different those two Minnesotas are); it provided an easy tool for contextualizing the small stories (red Americans love a certain stage show in Vegas, but blue Americans don't) or for spinning the big stories (John Walker Lindh, the American who fought for the Taliban, was from California and therefore a reflection of blue-state values); and it justified countless USA Today - style contemplations of who we Americans really are, meaning mainly investigations of the burning usual-what we Americans like to listen to, watch on TV, or buy at the supermarket.
For with the human subject of experience comes recollection, the transforming of the immediacy of experience into the seeds of contemplation.
With Coleridge, certainly, the mind was not merely " a lazy looker-on on an external world, " 22 but a force actively concerned with the unity of mind and the object of its contemplation.
One of the problems is that ethics implies deliberation, " says Dennis Moberg, director of the Markkula Center for Applied Ethics at Santa Clara University " It implies periods of contemplation and deliberation, and working through a moral calculus. "
During the Christmas season, Jef Murray says, they tap into the pre-modern Catholic tradition of " quiet reflection and contemplation. "
The bright side of the humiliating gaffe is the hours of pure, unadulterated self -- contemplation it affords one.
One night he awoke, and went into a state of deep contemplation.
Life in Miesian solitude, however, would not have been entirely without company; the female statues walking in gardens or dancing in pools were as much companion pieces as they were objects of contemplation.
Although I had no doubt that she was capable of grief, I had thus far seen her cry only in contemplation of her own mysterious burden or affliction, and even then she had seemed to release the tears grudgingly, as if a tremendous inner pressure were forcing them from her against her will.
They were frowning, but it seemed to him that the frowns were expressions of contemplation, not hostility.
I myself had never been able to get beyond Volume I. I imagined that this woman and Dr. V. spent their sessions in gentle contemplation of literature, not to mention language itself.
They do go together, because if you have compassion from practicing contemplation, that energy always wants to manifest itself.
But the interpretive strategy we associate with the humanist-universalist perception of the experience of literature - a passive subjective reflex or an inner contemplation of the
So they turn their backs on all ' this and now and then seek repose with-iii sortie no man's land, of bleak contemplation or lunacy.
He entered into his contemplations, his own prayers.
As if his lifelong contemplation of the way disorder violently intrudes upon the blithe assumptions of ordinary men that the world is a logical place were not a serious theme (see Kafka).
Captured, mounted, and displayed as compliant objects of passive contemplation, the statues represent the ideal woman as a conversation piece who can not speak, a patient female who never interrupts.
And there is nothing like enforced, uninterrupted contemplation to learn to distinguish one from another....
On the day of our visit, as we returned to the house past vineyard workers in huaso hats and donkey carts stirring the road dust, we were greeted by the team from Panquehue -- Chadwick, Huneeus and their German friends.
A few examples of how Antwerp ' 93 hopes to promote this discussion: " Zingaro, " a circus opera employing a Georgian men's choir, a Berber women's choir, Gypsies, and a menagerie of 12 breeds of horses, donkeys, and geese, all performing together in harmony; " Pigeons and Pencils, " a commissioned symphonic work performed by young musicians from Antwerp's Moroccan community; and the Antwerp ' 93 ark, a performing arts " refuge " that will stage groups of young dancers, musicians, and actors from around the world.
One has friezes of donkeys, oxen and olive trees, and could have been carved during the start of any Middle Eastern culture.
As if from habit, hundreds of " nodding donkey " oil drills, their corroded gears whining in the wind, still scavenge the long-exhausted shoreline reserves, seeking to pump up one last stray molecule of hydrocarbon.
The donkey grasped the hindquartersof the mare with his forelegs, gave a few convulsive jumps and hung in midair with a comical look of bliss on his whitepatchedface.
At times when a donkey cart carrying a small load of peasant canes -- those which the villagers grew amid the stones in their tiny plots -- would creak onto the scale, he would dash, fussing, outside. "
I have never tried to understand your kind any more than your kind have tried to see the world through the eyes of the cow you drive to the slaughter, or the donkey whose back you break with burdens, or the stray dog you kick away from the fire.
I will try to convince him that it is not only this donkey who will die, but the foal, too.
Even that old man who'd provided the donkeys.
To some it sounds like a mob of crows, to others a donkey's bray.
He didn't accept defeat gracefully, and was known by his fellow seminarians as the donkey, or the
It was not a horse but a donkey, a donkey so tiny that its rider's feet almost touched the ground.
Passatempo killed the uncle who gave him his first donkey. "
And now this Jesus, the Messiah, sent two men here to claim my donkeys! "
I believe Joshua did pray to God and the sun stood still " On her Israeli trip she became frightened while traveling over the twisting roads of the rugged Judean Hills, until a " Spirit " reprimanded her: " If Joseph could bring Mary over these rough mountains on a donkey, you ought a be ashamed of yourself, Mahalia. "
could have guessed which building was Branas ' from the number of horses and donkeys tied up in front of it.
gives Mr. Dillon the heartfelt advice that there ' s no point in going to college; why study Socrates, he asks, when Socrates rode a donkey and not a Ferrari. "
She boards a donkey and rides off into the jungle with Jahausa.
The donkey's work had just begun; he had a much less pleasant task before him.
Next to an open green door hung a vertical sign, and Mrs. Pollifax brought out her small camera and took a picture of the charming vignette: a courtyard, a door, a leafy green tree, a donkey cart parked next to the door. '
WHEN YUSUF and his borrowed donkey returned home, footsore and hungry after five
A donkey,  Cyrus said quickly, realizing that the Adult Conspiracy prevented her from knowing the other term. "
Street scenes and marketplaces are hypnotic: cows, donkeys, goats, camels, chickens, elephants sharing the roads with cars, buses, trucks, motorcycles, human-powered
It was instantly at home with the badtemperedfowls who fought each other over the scraps tossed them from the doorway, and the donkey standing, abject and morose, near the cactus bush where the wash was hung to dry.
He resumed his anecdote in Italian about the donkey that had gotten into the grounds the previous week, laid waste to a vegetable patch, and chewed up a wholep260chapter of manuscript.
Then another sound -- the donkey starts screeching in wild panic.
Some donkey, more likely,  said Heatter wryly. "
No rare woods here, no perfumed wine, no choirs of boys, but Bael with the head of a man and a spider's body, cat and toad growing out of his neck, commandingforty-six legions of devils; Behemoth, full stomachedas Omensetter's wife had been with her skin like shining satin, but otherwise an elephant devouring grass like the oxen, his whole strength in his loins and his virtue fitted in the button of his belly, commanding thrice seven regiments of furies; Astaroth, the ugly angel, vulgarly astride a dragon, leading forty legions; Forcas on a donkey; Marchocias vomiting; Buer in a wheel of hooves revolving; Asmodeus; Theutus; Incubus -- demon after demon drawn delightfully by Angelo, who made God's finger like an amorous engine for the Vatican.
The cobbled streets and narrow sidewalks had been flushed with water and some children were playing around the raised platform where the donkey and mare had been mated on that long-ago fateful day.
You hit him and he works like a donkey, like a soldier who can not break his oath of allegiance to king and country.
From Beirut last week he cabled his report on a 23-day trek in which he crossed the peaks, plateaus and wadis from Aden to the Saudi Arabian border, traveling a total of 1,000 miles by camel, donkey, car and shoe leather without once leaving royalist-held territory (see map).
Better than pin the tail on the donkey, " Parker said.
Well, hell, Marty, " said Kramer, figuring that, having been a fellow soldier with him in the bullshit skirmish at Reverend Bacon's, he could go on a nickname basis with the dauntless little Irish Donkey, " the kids
was sitting beside the road, in her misery roasting a piece of a dead donkey.
It is rare that a female mule can conceive; they are classified as a sterile animal, product of the union between a mare and donkey.
I told her her body was rich and lovely but her mind was richer and lovelier and more durable -- for although she was partly of our kind, she was a mortal being, like you -- djinns and mortals can not produce an immortal scion, you know, as donkeys and horses can only produce a seedless mule.
I've been treated like a donkey for such a while, sometimes I fear I've begun thinking like one. "
Should you ever meet another donkey, I trust you'll do as well
A donkey pulling a heavily loaded wooden cart presses her into the roughly textured coral rag.
Smelling the female mule below, the white-faced donkey reared against the rope that held
She heard the gate creak, the whip cracking on the donkey's back.
EARLAll right, I 'm about as subtle as a donkey's ass.
The mournful cry erupted from the donkey's mouth and filled Nonno's ears as profoundly as the sounding of a shofar on Rosh Hashanah.
Part of the fun lay in the donkey ' being unaware of his acquired identity.
just as the donkey game showed that play should not be relegated casually to the garbage-can category of expressive behavior '.
Somewhere down the slope a tethered donkey began to bray.
In Valdeverdeja, water was still sold house to house from earthenware jars hauled by mules, and the villagers went around in two-wheeled carts pulled by donkeys.
He understands the influences that gave their ambitions strength and direction: the Enlightenment and flowering of scientific curiosity; the Puritan ethic that placed religion in the service of profit; a vision of industrial progress that would free men from donkey work; a dream of dynasty in which rewards would be passed on to multiply through the efforts of one's sons.
Pastoralists breed and manage camels, donkeys, sheep and goats as well as cattle.
Rae watches as the natives put her bags back near the donkeys.
They sat with the motor idling until the farmer led the donkey to a stand of tall grass into which he folded himself as the donkey began to graze. "
p. 21 FENG Many nights I ride on my donkey over the mountains and I think of new poems.
If we kill one at the top of the mountain, we will have to cache it somewhere and then return for Mel's donkey, Jenny, to pack the meat and the trophy out. "
As Mashiab removed the tail to cries of donkey ', Shlomo tickled him.
Finally the two men and their donkey vanished over a rise in the street, but she kept watching and finally they appeared again, high above the town of Montelepre, entering the range of mountains that surrounded the town.
He jerked the donkey to a halt and held up his hand to Aspanu.
Each day, in his modestly sized office decorated with donkey illustrations and photos, he thinks about how to make their lives better.
She thought of him as riding on a donkey, sharing a truck with a load of sheep, walking along the dusty tracks and clay roads, hiding in olive groves and in the winding alleys of small towns before he slipped across the far edge of the Spanish plain into Portugal.
I know I sound like a donkey but hush.
continued, is only Nehru's " donkey... a band of bakasuras mythological Hindu demons, a swarm of locusts, a band of tyrants. "
The goal of a balanced budget, which had been enshrined in the Gramm -- Rudman law, is now replaced by a process analogous to a donkey chasing a carrot tied to the end of a stick.
Master Giles saw with horror bow the woman raised her stick, threatening to treat the children after a fashion that was unfit to treat a donkey. "
// The key is to ' ' pin the tail on the donkey, ' ' says Mr. Vander Jagt, and ' ' make it clear that the Democrats made this (economic) mess. '
I cried as well, not just for love of Hera-Ra, but in the terrible fear of knowing that the animal would not have gotten ill if I had kept him away from the donkeys ' bags. "
Let you play in the mountains while I bring donkeys out to work and pick olives?
All I remember is Shrek and the donkey helping me up, and Liza Minnelli giving me a towel, " said the singer-guitarist.
Never mind donkeys,  Cleo said. "
his donkey festooned with goat rib cages and legs?
Don't be a donkey,  my father replied. "
the front room, one of the men introduced the motif of the donkey tree ' to mock Zackaria's paternity.
We see Dravot's whole Army, now of truly impressive size, on the march with all its panoply: banners, drums, women camp followers, herds of goats, a supply train of donkeys.
Mary ended her reverie when she heard the clop of the McMahon donkey. "
There's a big donkey population in this country around this time of year. "
We took observation positions and spotted two horsemen on the horizon trailing a pair of donkeys loaded with provisions.
The mare gave a great snort and pushed her rump back at the same moment the donkey plunged downward.
You know, " Althea Stokes had told my mother, in that big, sad donkey voice
He asks the farmer to give the donkey a break from working.
In her mind's eye she saw a long line of camels, horses, donkeys slowly moving up this trackless valley to arrive at this oasis with its glacier-fed running water, so incongruous in the midst of the heat and sun and desert.
Why don't you wear a cap, you donkey?
In North America, as elsewhere, to celebrate Christmas, trees are forced through living room doors and loaded down with an anthropologist's dream of symbolic ornaments-birds, donkeys, candies, stars, and sleighs with fat, bearded gentlemen in strange red suits.
a new beauty in donkey's years, and his taste is perfect, so it's flattering. "
Still, the very complexity and interdependence of the activities that constituted this framework made it less flexible and more fragile in response to crises than that of the donkey game.
The next morning Dovid went to the donkey cart.
The men who had left Santa Vittoria with the donkey and the mule came back to the city early one evening
The mating of the donkey and the Miracle Mule failed.
MCGARRY Do you remember the scene where the donkey cart breaks down, in the village?
Two boys raced by on their donkeys, madly waving shaggy palm leaves, and calling, " Don't you want to see the king? "
In a few instances the donkey carried his tail about for periods of up to an hour before acknowledging or discovering his new identity.
The donkey brayed plaintively as the car accelerated by.
Indeed, the reciprocal redistribution of roles through the taking of turns, and the sharing of the identity of donkey ' both point to the cooperative tenor of the game.
They watched for another hour and then as the donkey entered the mountain range and took the upward path, Pisciotta said, " Damn, that rider is smaller than his donkey.
His father told the story of how the farmer had come looking for his donkey and his own remark to the farmer: " Stay content you have lost a donkey.
plowing, harvesting, weeding, threshing; little girls and boys watering buffalo, shepherding large flocks of geese and ducks or herds of pigs; fishermen casting their nets; gangs of workers laying railroad tracks; carts pulled by donkeys, buffalo, or men, transporting stone, brick, sorghum.
He had been " washing the head of a donkey. "
enter some air-conditioned American store, a memory of the good warm smell of the miserable donkeys of Jerusalem will suddenly rise to my nose, those heavily laden donkeys with sores on their rumps and ankles, the skin on their necks and backs scraped to bleeding baldness by whips and bridles, and with it the smell of the dust that collects in the prints of their little jet-black hooves.
Culture shock in this North African country hits you like a million volts: Upon arrival, you're overwhelmed by leathery-faced men wearing long robes with pointed hoods or turbans; veiled women with tattooed hands; deformed beggars; donkey carts in chaotic streets; Muslim prayers wailing from towering mosques.
The two young carabinieri with their machine pistols were not so much to be feared; they were carelessly approaching the donkey, not taking their prisoners seriously.
He heard the frenzied scream of a horse or a donkey, the bleatings of goats; back in the village, the dogs had gone crazy.
Jesus would want to leave at once; they would hire donkeys in the village, better yet horses, if they could be found -- with horses, Jesus could reach him before midnight.
He added that he needed to work with his donkey awhile.
malachite paperweight from East Africa; a bejeweled cross her father purchased in Prague when he was nineteen; a stained ivory letter opener from Madagascar; the silver box that contained all of her mother's letters written when her father was in London for a year before they were married; and a stained-glass desk lamp fringed with amber crystals at the edges that once belonged to Olympia?
But the Rangers hold a 3-2 edge in the five times the two teams have met in cup finals since 1894.
Not a hair on that tail, which was at least two feet long and whipped over the edge of the sink like a wiry piece of rope.
She sits on the edge of the mattress in her blouse and slip, and unrolls her stockings.
That year he had lived in a third-story room in a wooden house on the edge of Cambridge.
He fiddled with the edges of the blotter, and when no questions were forthcoming, he asked, " Do you wish to keep the properties in Somerset and Essex?
Ten minutes passed, and the taps continued to gush, so she checked on May-Annlouise only to find her sitting at the edge of a tub near overflowing.
elegantly on the edge of the woods, July also saw no reason to deny to the creature the possibility of acting without a compelling motivation.
She fell, and the boy slipped from her grasp and clung to the edge of the roof.
At the edges of the desert where there is little sand, the barchan crescent-shaped dune is formed, little wonder.
He sat down at the edge of the bed.
Almost immediately, three answering flashes came from the shadowy trees at the edge of the 300-yd.
Gucci should be classic, but with an edge, " she says. "
ski on edge, and you'll end up on your arse.
When the pein is to be used for hard work, a thin piece of steel is bent and welded around its outside surface, or the edge of the pein is split and a small bar of steel welded in the split.
All around the edges of downtown or central area, one sees, if not high-rises, other apartments and condominium projects. "
Curved Seaming Two-piece curved seams arc formed with one of the following combinations of contours on the scant edge of each piece: (1) concave edge seamed to another concave edge, (2) convex edge seamed to another convex edge, (3) concave edge seamed to a convex edge, (4) straight edge seamed to a convex edge, (5) straight edge seamed to a concave edge, (6) S curved edge seamed to a straight edge, (7) S curved edge seamed to a concave edge, (8) S curved edge seamed to a convex edge, (9) S curved edge seamed in superposed position with like curvature to another S curved edge, (10) Z curved edge seamed in superposed position with complementary curvature to an S curved edge, (11) Z curved edge seamed to a straight edge, (12) Z curved edge seamed to a concave edge, (13) Z curved edge seamed to
THE PATH - FULL SHOT 202 Holding his torch high, the Time Traveller hurries toward the bushes around the edge of the lawn looking for his Machine, beating the branches with his free hand.
This remarkable surface, constructed by gluing together the two ends of a long strip of paper after giving one end a half twist, has only one side and one edge.
Sammy rushed around the edge of the vat to a panel halfway across the room, exclaiming, " I 'm going to get serum for my mate! "
The edge of her hand was cool against my lip.
He pushed it over the edge and leaped after it.
Its purpose: to send a red alert to Americans and their allies that the U.S.S.R. is gaining a military edge over the West.
She was sitting on the edge of the bed, smiling down at him.
Tanned skin crinkles at the edge of each blue eye.
Thus, in addition to having the edge in expertise over their civilian superiors, the chiefs also possess the advantages that come from longevity in a position.
Once, they made a campfire at the edge of the graveyard and dared themselves to sleep there, under a homemade burlap-sack tent.
In the diffusion shadow edge (the fuzzy area where shadow and light come together), this process screeches to a halt.
When both edges are to be scalloped, no compensating curve is necessary; fullering both edges is compensation enough.
In European history, Teddy Warner was the cutting edge.
Roy sat on the edge of the bed and opened a bottle of beer.
He placed it on the edge of his plate, where it rested, soft and moist, like earth. "
He sat then on the edge of the unmade bed and absently rubbed the satin tie of Lily's nightgown across his face and listened to the faint sound of the phonograph from downstairs.
We walked the fifty yards up to a washy-looking razorback, and Tracker pointed to a couple of clear footprints at the edge of a dry claypool. "
Feeling the push of the seat's edge against her right buttock, she reached down without looking.
The man tried to stab at Clay, but Martin's slashing edge came down across his neck and he tumbled into the dust, severed arteries spouting blood although his head was still barely connected to his shoulders.
In search of that competitive edge, he says, boomers are enrolling their kids in everything from sports to glee clubs, giving them violin lessons, batting lessons, tutors, even getting some to take College Board exams for practice as early as age 13.
Republicans have a practical reason for not trying to upset the tradition of a 2-to-1 edge for the majority In the Rules Committee.
ROSE 'S ROOM AT THE CLINIC -- NIGHT Rose sits quietly on the edge of her bed, her feet dangling over the side not quite touching the floor.
The sharp edges of the deeply sculpted butter-knife-type bolt handle were uncomfortable to operate with bare hands, but buyers will be able to replace it with other shapes if they prefer.
That gives them quite an edge, you know.
Crappies were indeed on the edge 10 yards below us, but they weren't thick enough for his liking. "
At Canaan's Edge: America in the King Years 1965-68 (Simon &; Schuster, $35), the final volume in Branch's monumental series, is out this week.
When Bob Costanza, one of the fathers of ecological economics and now head of the Gund Institute at the University of Vermont, was first edging into economics in the early 1980s, he had a fellowship to study " social traps " - the nuclear arms race, say-in which " short-term behavior can get out of kilter with longer broad-term goals. "
Curiosity made him step forward and extend his hand out beyond the edge of his position.
It was important to call it my own, and my father had agreed that I could, if I made a spillway with my fieldstone dam that would direct the slow trickle away from the lower edge of their gardens below
Rust tinged the edges of the few remaining flower clusters.
Detachable Bolt Handle: The crisply sculpted bolt handle of T/C's Icon earned faint praise from our test team because its sharp edges proved more than a little uncomfortable during operation.
After a period of time -- how long it was I couldn't say or even guess -- we began to edge up in the sky again and much later Captain Rampey began to make the turn back again, to wheel the Odessa Darling around in a huge slow arc in the sky.
Drawings of this type can not be equated with views, because the individual line segments can not be related to views of edges.
It is destructive because it challenges Administration assurances to Congress that parity of strength is provided by the asymmetrical interim agreement, which gives the Soviet Union an edge in missile numbers to compensate for British and French missiles as well as for American geographic advantages and an American edge in warheads and missile quality.
Chair Dips Sitting on the edge of a chair, place your hands on the edge by your butt.
Other aspects of the Butler example that may have influenced Woodbury aesthetics include wide midmolding around the top edge of the lower section, use of double fans (one in the upper section and one in the lower), deeply modeled concave ribs of the fan, and upwardly angled framing ribs in the fans.
I help set the next set of anchors a hundred meters back from the edge, in firm regolith.
Like all Poe's questing narrators, he welcomes his own annihilation, but the literary record he leaves behind him can take its readers only to the brink of the precipice, the edge of the whirlpool, for beyond that lies the ineffable.
edge than the teacher himself, because of his different vocal influences, has ever had to conceive of.
To some, this story may seem extreme, over the edge, atypical of the more
He probably didn't even realize he was at the edge of the cliff until there was no ground beneath him.
He stops in the edge of the scene and holds up his hand for silence.
I sensed their bad intent as they passed us, an unpleasant edge of excitement in their looks and greetings.
The parents raised their babies on the edge of the pond, and during nice evenings we would eat supper on the swing under the tree and watch them play on the water.
* * * * * And Jack Odin reached forward and touched the sword and swore that he would go with Gunnar even to the edge of the stars -- " Now, " Odin pleaded. "
Marcelino, clinging to the edge of the cot, watched the strange figures around him.
@@8283 Chapter One ' MY ANCESTORS WERE COUNTRY SQUIRES ' The village of Hutton Le Moors lies on the edge of the Yorkshire Moors, a dozen miles from the small town of Pickering.
It is midmorning in August, hot and stifling, so airless that the dust-stained trees along the edge of the distant woods hang limp and still, and the grinding of the mill seems blurred, indistinct, as if borne sluggishly through heat waves trembling like water above the steaming earth.
It has been estimated that one-fourth of the world now lives on this edge of survival.
Tell me everything, " he commanded, and sat down facing me on the edge of his wooden coffee table.
Shirer and Keirker, at their microphones at the edge of the clearing, watched and later described the scene.
Sandra drove around the edges of the city, counting the times she saw the word " Peach. "
He shook his head and walked to the edge of the yard.
Ignoring her, though he couldn't help but be aware of her scowling concern, he pressed the edges of the wound together and wrapped it securely with the cloth, fixing the end in place with the pin Ada handed him then stepped back, pleased with his
But with a powerful magnifying glass you ' d be able to see that the leading edge (which actually corresponds with the daily Dow and S &; P lines) has been in a slump since hitting all-time highs in mid-July.
Listening to them in the pre-dawn dark, the lone satellites circling in erratic orbits on the ridges of the herd bull's canyon, we sneaked to the edge of the meadow where the herd fed, waiting there before shooting fight as sixteen elk fed like noisy shadows against the pale autumn grass until there was enough light to shoot.
They can often shape managerial strategy for an entire industry because they are believed to be on the cutting edge.
There were plenty of signs that Whittier was skating close to the edge; a little due diligence would have unmasked his unpaid taxes and the lawsuits accusing him of failing to pay for securities his fund had purchased.
Mr. Powell ' s keen musician ' s ear weaves sound, dialogue and actual musical fragments into the fabric of narratives that might otherwise seem a bit tweedy and even ragged at the edges.
He holds the shears up to the light and shakes his head: she's ruined the edge.
His determination to use every minute productively gave him a major edge in researching stocks.
edge of104 S T O R M W A R N I N G S T O R M W A R N I N G 105the main hatch cover and held on tight, but the same sea lifted Knorr over the rail.
At the Golden Rock estate, built on the edge of a rain forest, the multilevel sugar mill boasts a massive four poster and is marketed as the honeymoon suite.
He had stopped running when he reached the pasture and had walked westward to the brow of the mountain overlooking the highway, and then south, keeping close to the edge. "
For example, the boundaries between pixels on the CCD can be sharpened to improve their use in wavefront sensors as quadrant or edge detectors.
Preoccupied with their own business, no one noticed the man who stood in the doorway of an inn on the edge of the square.
A pair of yellow rubber gloves hung over the edge of a muck-filled bucket.
BOTTOM OF HEXAGONAL TRAP DOOR PIT - DAY Hellboy tips a massive cogwheel over the edge.
I prefer the rainbow of brightly colored clothes, the gleam of complicated gadgets, the grimace of rugged athletes out there at the edge of their endurance.
Put strips to support the bottom inside the lower edges of the sides (Fig.
It would be better for me to work myself out to the near edge, on the side I had come in from, but still stay amongst them, and not separate myself out, even if I'd been able to.
They made it to the edge of the crowd, but something caused him to turn back.
SCOTT JONES CIRCA 1978 Always on the cutting edge, Scott Jones, CEO of Indy Robotics, is moving full speed ahead in developing an unmanned, fully autonomous robotic vehicle that boasts wide-ranging applications -- from the way we travel, the way firefighters enter burning buildings, the way bomb squads search for explosive devices, the way we till our fields, and many others.
It was from her own set, " Blue Edge. "
He knew he'd never been to the place before, but there was something familiar about it, especially the stone fort at the edge of the water with its black cannons pointing to sea.
Here, hidden at the edge of the escarpment, was a secret place -- a descent to the ground below, but an excellent firing position also.
Pale streamers of mist foamed over the edge of the plane wings.
So without ceasing to stir the dye Noona called out, " Come on in, I hear you, " and was surprised at how her voice turned out to be -- heavy and rough, with a little broken edge to it
This thing will not take an edge, " he exclaims. "
was light enough on his feet as he made his way among the scattered armchairs in which passengers disposed themselves for the trip to Farflung, at the edge of the Swept, the great, unnaturally flat sea of grass that Bandar had always longed to travel.
enough give to take the edge off bumps while not actually absorbing them like a longer-travel bike would. "
We backed away from the rubble at the edge of the canyon.
The other students wandered around, lazily anxious for conversation, for distractions, hopeful of borrowing cigarettes or money, sometimes sitting on the edge of Jesse's bed though he had nothing to say to them and was clearly working.
Ned stares dizzily around at the curious, amused, or grim faces.
Sal Ianello's face was obscured, but his back was ramrod straight.
The dimple appeared and a smile flashed across his face, but it wasp131mirthless, evasive, and I wondered if I hadn't touched on some pain of his.
Her face was contorted in an expression of rugged,
I lay and stared up at him for a while, feeling the strange unbreathing warmth of his face against my hand -- he only drew in breath when he wanted to talk -- and I started to notice something else about him, that air was mixing with his edges somehow, but before I could concentrate on that, I sat up, looking around, feeling alarmed. "
Wolfe had straightened up and was making faces. "
from Christ's tortured face to the fireplace... cold now, devoid of both ashes and the mirror above it, now an empty space, the outline visible against the rosebud wallpaper.
Upstream where the forest thinned under the cliff face, a lone company of soldiers slogged wearily through the mud, heads down, shoulders hunched against the heavens ' fury.
As he talked, Endor sat up straighter, clenching the armrests of his throne, his face dark with anger.
The girls are yanking her forward, their tongues and faces slathered with goofy grape.
Faces 20 Years in Prison // In all, Mr. McLaughlin, a lawyer, faces 20 years in prison and automatic disbarment, although a prison sentence for more than the maximum on one count, 7 years, would be unlikely.
Their faces were not angry big city faces, they were relaxed, content faces often with temptingly chubby cheeks mounted on generous necks.
CLYDE reaches her, and for a moment both stare with fanatic intensity at each other, BONNIE trying desperately to keep a straight face.
He had taken off Father's face, Bran thought, and donned the face of Lord Stark of Winterfell.
His face and body were repeatedly whipped by slashing branches and obstinate limbs, his feet continually tripped by fallen debris and exposed roots.
A completely blunt cut makes the face look longer, as if it has succumbed to gravity, " says James Ekeler, of New York's TwoDo Salon. "
His boyhood friend's face was wooden, uncomprehending, and the words came stiffly from his lips. "
Reb Falik was ashamed to look the townspeople in the face, but Risha had the means and strength to wait for victory.
His face was at variance with his clothes, which were disreputable: neatly patched pants, a sweat-stained dirty undershirt, and sandals repaired with string; his face, however, shone with intelligence, and his eyes were bright and eager. "
Willie Wright had not seen that many dead men in his three year police career and he was struck by the youth of this man and by the swollen hands darkened by draining blood and by the gray face which looked as if it belonged in a wax cabinet.
They had sores on their faces, their legs and arms.
As Dr. Jones came on down the stairs, his solemn face gave Torn a flicker of doubt, but he didn't really believe that Doc had bad news.
She stepped closer, inches from his face. "
She would spend much more time with her mother, she decided, and apparently her mother had the same idea, for in the face of their newfound aloneness, the mother had clung to her only daughter.
The little girl's face was distorted by the screen, an old-fashioned affair that was rusting in places.
an eye, and then one face was replaced by another and another and another, a dozen at a time, a hundred - a tide of shifting visages soaking away into the sands of his ponderous and overloaded memory.
Elizabeth waves, laughs, waves again, making a face at the stiltwalker.
He looks about him, and what he sees in our faces discourages and baffles him further.
Again, no image of people doing what it is that people do except as a face of horrible decline.
I have a feeling we could drop the decertification move as a bargaining chip, as a sort of face saver, " said one White House official. "
I tried to imagine a face prettier than Henuttawy's, but couldn't do it.
As he walked down Mott Street, he wondered for the millionth time how he had gotten behind his face, did not dare think that he had been born there and that he was severing himself from what he was; the tie was already frayed by abuse, and when it parted -- void!
Since the day they met as young assistant district attorneys for New York County, he'd been drawn to her classic Italian features, the petite but curvy body, and the way her soft, molasses-colored curls framed her face.
Esperanza pressed against her, and buried his face in her smooth-as-silk hair, which smelled faintly of coconut.
Dennis abruptly grabs Kevin by the throat, his face hard with fury -- # DENNIS # Nothing's worse than listening to you.
I looked around at their faces: Mrs. Cruz, her eyes shut tight, spouting a mantra as loudly as she could; Marta, in an armchair, her hands folded over her belly; Mr. Torres, legs spread out on the floor, his back to the wall, his eyes fixed on the black rectangle framed by the window; all the faces who had come in like stragglers from a skirmish, all the world's walking wounded.
So, wow, who-da thunk Georgia offensive coordinator Wayne " Wild Man " McDuffie, who once spit in the face of a reporter, could have gotten into a shouting match with Dogs offensive guard Steve Roberts?
Both were big and light tan with wrinkled faces and floppy ears.
Even though his hair was thinning to the point where more scalp showed than hair, he was still an attractive man, with a robust laugh and a bright smile, displaying rows of even white teeth in his tan and masculine | face.
Marmosets, those tiny primates that do not seem monkeylike until one looks closely at their faces, have a faculty unusual in the primate world: they nearly always produce twin offspring?
Then the face brightened, almost smiling as she asked, " What's your favorite world? "
Daoud remembered the thick black brows and the stern face, the grizzled hair.
Wilma Benthoff, the governor's campaign manager-and presently his harried rally organizer-pushed her wildly curled blonde hair away from her face so she could see her clipboard. "
Blonde hair worn in a short, manly ponytail; a round face wearing a perpetually sour expression.
Revere's face ached as if it wanted to smile or something, but when he opened his mouth to talk he had nothing to say.
My mother's face settled into an aloof, stubborn expression I had seen before when one of us kids, or my father, was being difficult.
In the face of overwhelming evidence to the contrary, it is a viewpoint so blinkered that it can be ex-plained only by Britain's economic interests in the region.
He was pallid and twitching, and his face was covered with sweat.
First she paints the darkest part of her face, around the mouth and nostrils, stopping her hand just before she blends the paint into the dead face with her finger.
Then I stood in the window with my icepack to my face and watched the Agoraphobe.
Ora, unwieldy with the child she was carrying, went on to where her husband sat, dropped to her knees and looked up into his face. "
When I walked in she'd already be at the kitchen table with her schoolbooks spread out in front of her, hunched over in her chair, arms crossed, a frown pulling her face down to a point.
As soon as this took effect I propped the snoring flight-major up and trained the reading light full in his face.
Colorful, fanciful and almost palpable, the photos may inspire a young designer, or just bring a smile to the face of anyone who takes a look.
I looked up from cleaning my Browning; he was staring woodenly ahead, his face gray, the newspaper in front of him forgotten. "
to resist as middle-class oppression, because it wears a thousand faces, even the face of revolution, and that it is an insatiable gut that can even nourish itself on the poison its enemies leave lying about to destroy it.
She was frowning over a collection of her photographs, a pencilp184stuck behind one ear and a mass of curly hair drawn back from her face with a set of combs.
For a momentthrough his anger he saw George Clough, the manikin face, the small, fine, predatory teeth, the inanimate eyes: " I could tell he wasn't to be trusted even before his wife warned me. "
He landed on his face, his lips stinging in the snow.
Frantic, she looked behind her, far across the astonished flood of faces, and saw the two of them. "
She was thirty-nine, and it was the first time she had seen her face, not as someone who
It was so fast I only felt its breeze as it whizzed past my nose and cracked Sergio square across the left side of his face.
Her pleading eyes, the expectant expression on her face -- I closed my own eyes.
He opened the door and turned to look back, a tall man framed in light from the hall, his face lost in shadow. "
mother smiled and thanked Bree, who quickly escaped into the harsh wind that scoured the tears from her face.
's face was pudgier than Maceus remembered from Haiti, during the military regime of the early 1990s.
I tore that contract up right in her sassy face.
FREEZE FRAME on Swann's broadly smiling face: DISSOLVE TO: Section Details 236 CLOSEUP - BENJY 'S FACE He's a little older and he looks a little healthier.
Suzy listened with the complete impassivity of a twelveyear-old, her face giving no sign or flicker by which the parents could detect how she was hearing the words they were wringingout of themselves.
Noting the expression on the young man's face she added sharply, " Are you all right? "
When Ina emerged from the bathroom after sobbing helplessly, her eyes raw and red, she caught sight of Jordan sitting in a big easy chair with his drink in his hand, his legs crossed carelessly, his thin face with its beautiful dark eyes casual and composed.
In the face of these threats and given their potential danger to human safety, why should we be concerned about them?
And hides her face behind Michael's back to hide her shock and surprise.
His face had a peculiar jut to it, as if it were sticking out from itself, and his leaning made it seem bigger than it was.
Gramma is coming, " he says, spraying my face with his spittle. "
She was, he noted with relief, a placid blonde with a capable air and a kindly face. "
Then, before she could answer, realization crossed his face. "
I 'm convinced I thought about it more than he did -- looking at my softening face in the mirror as I sat in the beauty salon; sitting in the car wash tempted to open the window and let in that nasty soapy water inside the white Range Rover he'd insisted on buying; strolling down the aisle of Grant's mindlessly putting butter, eggs, cereal, and ground turkey in the cart.
He is entertained by the look on the college boy's face.
She kept her head tipped down so that her long dark blond hair fell over her face to hide the fact that part of her lower jaw was missing.
She caught hold of Germaine again, and again framed her face, this time holding it rather roughly between her hands. "
He smiled, his teeth white in his dark face. "
Put on a moisturizer after you've cleaned your face.
Carly raises her hand to slap Alex in the face.
In 44 months I never saw the face of one of my captors.
ground and Nelson was astride my back, pushing my face in the dirt. "
When three microphones were shoved in front of his face he smiled: " What ' s it like when we win? "
She can see the tears running down his face.
Her face wasting away until nothing but her hard bitter eyes showed above the bed covers. "
In the face of such statistics, researchers are exploring which children seem to survive -- even thrive -- after a divorce.
She laughed loudly again, and ran her hand lightly along the side of his face.
And the American, struggling to hold in place the lines of selfindulgencethat marred and masked his face, said: Would you believe.
face; his neat mustache had flecks of gray in it.
-- 182 -- Ric and Rac, smeary in the face, eating steadily from untidy paper sacks of candy they have found somewhere on board, shriek noisily as they go down the gangplank.
And in the face of unyielding Arab hostility, its governments have been judged unusually smart and far-sighted.
That was when he'd been married, had a house, aimed to study his way off deck and onto the bridge, a foolishness he'd undertaken for Mary and her sad, pleading face, though it had been a good thing in the end.
I watched Christopher's face as the song ended, watched his big white teeth in his big black face and watched him clap his big black hands.
Lorna had told him all the other names, and he had given them faces and cruel teeth.
Pain filled up Randolph's life, and in weaker moments he rehearsed a phone call to Malta that would save face
At first he laughs; then the smile fades, and his face reflects his pain.
Shaw spent five decades writing big movies and novels (The Young Lions, Lucy Crown) and unprofitable short fiction, because " in a novel or a play you must be a whole man.
How has movie culture changed since " Pulp Fiction "?
@@293342 FICTION: A Bend in the River, V.S.
But, except for the very few who got rich, science fiction writers were convinced that their secret (or not sop238secret) masters were the publishers.
As our survey and anthology bear out, many poets and fiction writers are transforming
|p106By way of contrast to the foregoing, here is a story which on the one hand uses ancient motifs in the fantasy tradition, and on the other hand is strict science fiction in the sense of using no concept that the most conservative scientist could say is theoretically impossible.
fiction, the op art and hot photography and sadomasochistic comic strips that make up the monthly magazine Evergreen Review, But before Lady Chatterley, a Grove book had been reviewed on the front page of The New York Times Book Rericit -- a first modern American publication of Giovanni Verga's The House hy the Medlar Tree, a classic of the Italian verisma Tradition that has shown greater staying power than either French or American realism.
Library of Congress subject headings for this publication: Women cartoonists -- Fiction.
Perhaps in a decade or two, he and I can sit down, as scholars do, and dispassionately discuss the fiction that came out of that dirtiest of dirty wars And if he should choose to speak to me in the language of Cam-us, to voice the novelists ' quest for " a world in
I could always see the theoretician of morals standing apart from the writer of fiction and waiting to comment on the action that had been impatiently sketched in.
Gernsback opens his first editorial for Amazing by referring to the overwhelming number of fiction magazines at the time: " Another fiction magazine! "
recurred to Chandler throughout his life and in his fiction.
Buses just don't appeal to people here, " says an EPA official, " though we think an ultra-modem rail system will " a thought shared by science fiction writer Ray Bradbury, who suggested some years back that Walt Disney should be made mayor of Los Angeles because he was the only person capable of making rapid transit attractive enough for Angelenos to ride it.
FICTION FACT 'LL OFTEN ACT OFFICIOUS FACT LEAST I 'LL NEVER BE FICTITIOUS BOTH WE 'VE BEEN BOOKED AT THE PALACEWE 'VE BEEN BOOKED
For her first novel, O My Darling, the National Book Foundation selected Gaige for its " 5 Under 35 " program that recognizes five significant first-time fiction writers each year.
I hadn't heard her talk so antically before; our Mexican fiasco sounded like a beach party movie staring Richard Burton and Elizabeth, his former spouse, so finally, and probably because of my growing claustrophobic nausea for fiction, I interjected, " No way, Dotty, see you around. "
Generally, anti-illusionism in fiction and elsewhere is a derivative phenomenon and always presupposes the existence of aesthetic illusion, be it in the same work or as a convention in
Martha Stewart awaits sentencing for lying to investigators; 28 top federal employees hold fake degrees; journalists at USA Today, The New York Times, and The Nation have presented fiction as fact.
Thereafter he concentrated all his outside writing on fiction, with the slick magazines his main markets.
And as long as we both know that it's fiction, we | won't have to waste time waiting for nonexistent messengers to make imaginary journeys before we speak of it again. "
It was a self-realizing fiction because no restraint stood in the way of the realization.
Among his books of fiction are In Silence There Are Ghosts (Baker Book House), a novel, and The Secrets of Barneveld Calvary (Baker Book House), a cycle of stories published earlier this year.
It produced a sensation of the eeriest panic, gave him a glimpse of the fiction he'd been devising, a fiction living prematurely in the world.
There's sex in literary works of fiction, but very few books go directly at what it is. "
We have fiction on one side of the store and then history and politics and biography on the other side, " said Carla Cohen, an owner of the independent bookstore Politics and Prose in Washington. "
The Kevin Wade-Chris Conrad screenplay takes some humorless pains to make this science fiction plausible, and it's smart of director Ivan Reitman to be patient with all that.
by Anthony Trollope // Sophie's Choice by William Styron // Henry and Clara by Thomas Mallon // Underworld by Don DeLillo // Lonesome Dove by Larry McMurtry // 10 Non Fiction Books That Help Us Understand the World // The Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire by Gibbons // The Best and the Brightest by David Halberstam // Lenin's Tomb by David Remnick // Lincoln by David Herbert Douglas // Silent Spring by Rachel Carson // In Cold Blood by Truman Capote // How We Die by Sherwin Nuland // The Unredeemed Captive by John Demos // The Second Sex by Simone de Beauvoir // The Power Broker by Robert
The Problem of Function The terminological problem and the problem ofthe potential extension ofthe concept of fiction are linked to the question of the function that a concept of fiction is expected to fulfill, i.e.. the question of the purpose for which the term " fiction " is employed or for which a theory of fictionality has been constructed.
Fiction eight: The decision last year to cut off aid to Pakistan, Afghanistan'sneighbor, was justifiable as a measure to prevent Pakistan from developing a nuclear weapon.
For many members of the early science fiction community, Gernsback was the inventor of science fiction; Sam Moskowitz has called him " the Father of Science Fiction " (Moskowitz 1963 1974: 225-42).
Science fiction is once again rearing its preposterous head.
Awarded every year since 1955 at the World Science Fiction Convention (WorldCon), they are the oldest and best-known science fiction awards (Clute and Nicholls 1993: 595-600).
In both his fiction ' and his nonfiction, Wallace Stegner emphasized the aridity, vast distances, and isolation of the mountain West.
The battle is not over shoring up the waning prestige of the novel; no matter how strenuously new fiction is celebrated, books will continue to lag behind the chic celebrity of popular music and the movies.
One likes to think that fiction and reality-the literal and the metaphorical-intersect occasionally in a region that we can call " the truth. "
They don't try to change a novelist into a reporter, or to push a sociologist into the style of a poet; nor do they attempt to " build " a natural-born fiction editor into an economist.
This slanderous impression was and is more fiction than fact; other ethnic groups also were deeply involved in vice and rackets.
The daydream that is fiction differs from the ordinary daydream in being publicly available.
CHARLES TANEY Seymour has so far kept up the polite fiction that I am running the Foundation.
At 72 the author retains his passion for the act of fiction and his faith that the English language can still make exciting sense of the world.
What is crucial is the distinction between characteristics of fiction and signals of fictionality.
For example, in Books we talk about that distinctive American contribution to detective fiction, the hard-boiled hero.
The revelations of the Twentieth Congress of the Soviet Communist Party threw a glaring light on some of the crevices; yet even the IChrushchey speech posed new questions rather than furnished answers Observing these new conflicts and taking part in them, defining the new questions and searching for answers to them by using the resources of fiction is a thrilling challenge The writer may have a tough time of it; his findings may not agree with official requirements, he may even touch a neuralgic point -- this does not change the writer's duty nor detract from the fascination of the job.
Yet the reality today is worse than fiction: in the Dominican Republic a political prisoner has a heart attack and dies in his filthy cell after he discovers that the exceptionally hearty meal he has just eaten was his murdered son's flesh: in Uruguay and Argentina political prisoners are shackled in a barbecue pit and slowly roasted; in Brazil a three-month-old baby is tortured to death in his parents ' presence; and in Paraguay prisoners are forced head downward into the pileta, a tub of excrement and urine, until nearly asphyxiated.
I talk to the bulls and bears, try to separate fact from fiction and invest accordingly. "
Sawyer also wrote award-winning fiction for children, and wrote and collected some of the choice stories being told today.
@@294936 Editors ' Choice FICTION: The Book of Laughter and Forgetting, Milan Kundera A Book of Women Poets from Antiquity to Now, edited by Aliki Barnstone and Willis Barnstone The Collected Stories of Eudora Welty, Eudora Welty Crackers, Roy Blount Jr.
Vast improvements in electronics and remote assembly techniques may someday mean that this weather control, at least, could become science fact rather than science fiction.
The use of archetypal myth in the creation of Fiction is the literary equivalent of peddling dope.
It's a tricky business - indeed, it isn't my business - imagining the urge that broke through, the rope that tightened and snapped in a woman I know no better than once-read fiction.
Fiction five: What the Soviets are doing in Afghanistan is nobody's business but their own and the Afghans '.
Jackson admitted that the reports were not all fiction, saying that the pressure of Bryant's legal situation had hurt his interaction with teammates. "
Somehow, and truth is stranger than fiction, she finds a job with a therapist who fancies himself a writer and has all the books on technique -- books the family used to ridicule -- next to Freud.
But perverse prizes have become the Cannes norm; there hasn't been a truly popular Palme d'Or winner since 1994's Pulp Fiction.
Abandoning the malevolent fiction that " a bad loan is better
People ask me why there aren't more black science fiction writers, and I say it's because there aren't more black science fiction writers.
By Susan Hubbard Susan Hubbard is the author of Walking on Ice (University of Missouri Press), a collection of stories that received the Associated Writing Programs ' Short Fiction Prize.
, where she was lecturing to architects at the Harvard Graduate School of Design, Susanka, a principal with Mulfinger, Susanka, Mahady and Partners in Minneapolis, describes the " fictions " many homes are built around. "
Many novels offer morality and value lessons, but contemporary fiction is still well behind in portraying the prominence of religion in US society.
Durham must be one of the most analytical characters in fiction, examining and dissecting her painful emotions and keeping them carefully in check.
You knew what he meant.27 Tunis switched to fiction in 1930 for his first book, a tennis novel called American Girl that sold out its first edition of 3,500 copies, then disappeared for twenty years until it was reborn as a Hollywood film, the generic title changed to Hard, Fast and Beautiful.
His short fiction was recently collected in Getting to Know You, which is currently a finalist for the 2007 Quill Award.
His novel, Beyond the Veil of Stars, made the New York Review of Science Fiction's Year's Best List.
FICTION 72 Hour Hold by Bebe Moore Campbell (Knopf; 319 pages; $24.95): Campbell's novel of a mother and her bipolar daughter navigating mental illness and its social implications in black America.
@@16031 Section: FICTION In the dream, I arrive at an airbase somewhere twenty years after having flown an airplane.
@@281789 FICTION 1-Centennial, Michener (1 last week) 2-The Seven-Per-Cent Solution, Meyer (4) 3-Something Happened, Heller (2) 4-The Pirate, Robbin$ (3) 5-Tinker, Tailor, Soldier, Spy, le Carr (5) 6-The Dogs of War, Forsyfh (7) 7-Harlequin, West (9) 8-Jaws, BencMey (6) 9-The Ebony Tower, Fowles 10-The Glory and the Lightning, Caldwell (8) NONFICTION 1 - All Things Bright and Beautiful, Herriof H; 2-A Bridge Too Far, Ryan (2) 3-Tales of Power, Cosfanedo (3) 4-The Memory Book, Lorayne &; Lucas(5) 5-All the President's Men, Bernstein &; Woodward (4) 6-More Joy, Comfort (7) 7-The Palace Guard, Rather &; Gates (9) 8-The Woman He Loved, Martin (6) 9-Cavett, Cavett &; Porterfield (8) 10-The Bermuda Triangle, Berlitz (10) @ @
Looking back, it seemed useful training for fiction, requiring him to present dramatic material in dramatic fashion.
As her analysis proceeds in The Origins of Totalitarianism, totalitarianism is disclosed as the disposition to live a fiction or live by a fiction or enact a fiction or make the world over into a fiction.61 Totalitarianism is a systematic way of refusing the given reality and remaking it with an absolute lack of restraint.
Laurence J. Kirshbaum, chairman of Time Warner Trade Publishing, whose Warner Books imprint was among those rejecting " The Poker Club, " speaks of the " feminization " of fiction publishing in the last five years. "
fiction affords " (cover of The Corrections) and with the pleasures themselves, indeed so familiar that we rarely enquire into the state of mind that renders such responses to fiction possible.
Against the mobile background of the never completely formalised relations between the law of obscenity and the social policing of pornography, and of the migration of specialist pornography's themes and figures into the circuits of a more generally disseminated educative fiction in the guise of ethical techniques for (sexual) self-improvement, our plan is to review the English Obscene Publications Act of 1959 and the 1960 case in which the new statute was to have received its definitive construction, Regina v. Penguin Books Ltd., popularly known as the trial of Lady Chatterley's Lover.
Currently, of the top 10 hardcover fiction titles on The Times's list, seven feature female central characters: " Hornet's Nest " by Patricia Cornwell; " Total Control " by David Baldacci; " Evening Class " by Maeve Bincy; " Small Town Girl " by LaVyrle Spencer; " Airframe " by Michael Crichton; " The List " by Steve Martini, and " The Deep End of the Ocean " by Jacquelyn Mitchard.
If this is arguably the most noxious conceit overworked in today's fiction, trust Mr. Ondaatje at least to express it exquisitely.
- Ian Fleming, On Her Majesty's Secret Service THE Union Corse, an organization that originated in the parched hills of Corsica but is today centered in Marseille, rules more in fact than even James Bond imagined in fiction.
Now he was talking in that excited voice with which he described scenes in his favorite fantastic films and comic books, but with more intensity than she had ever heard before, probably because this was not a story but reality even more amazing than fiction. "
It was hardly surprising that a Baranovian would decorate with science fiction art, but even from here, this was one of the most realistic portraits of an unearthly landscape I had ever seen.
fiction, ' ' according to T. S. Eliot - is continued controversy.
Whatever it takes, if it's your dream to write women's fiction, you must follow it. "
After all, even though literary history provides many examples of fictions that put their fictionality on display, there are just as many instances of fiction that do not.
The Case of Henry Miller 0 f nihilistic fiction, Henry Miller's Tropic of Cancer is currently the most widely read and the best spoken of.
We can also make it clear that we don't believe in the fiction of Soviet nonintervention.
As early as 1930 one reader, Hegory Joywater of Brooklyn, New York, writes that " science fiction is a new endeavor.
FIRST GIRL Yet, there is abundant evidence from their songs and cherished traditions that Australian aborigines are by no means destitute of some qualities in which civilized men glory, such as the power of inventing tragic and sarcastic fictions, the thirst for religious mystery, contempt for pain, and reverence for departed friends and ancestors.
One may think together of landscape and this literature of place (which may be verse, fiction or topography).
You know all this science fiction stuff on television today?
Nobody could be paid, published, lionized, or cherished among the gods of literature for writing any kind of fiction other than nurse romances.
to this man about his magazine, his own poetry and fiction, and about my fiction.
of fiction or whether " as if " itself is to be considered a fiction, i.e., " feigned. "
The " Celestine " phenomenon is not only that word-of-mouth has propelled an initially privately published new age manifesto into a fiction bestseller for Warner Books -- in its 22nd printing, there are 1.55 million copies out there so far -- but that something happens to people who read it.
Copyright 2009 by Victoria Christopher Murray Library of Congress subject headings for this publication: Bush, Jasmine Larson (Fictitious character) -- Fiction.
Each issue contained an assortment of science fiction and fiction, as well as reviews of time-machine novels and time-machine vies, and even an occasional cartoon or joke.
Her fiction has appeared in The Atlantic, The Hudson Review, and The Agni Review.
What they are interested in is the epistemological question of what happens when one talks about fiction.
Other than the occasional sweet but ephemeral release through writing fiction or by attending weekday Mass during summers Outside, my only real peace the time in the mental ward near ' Frisco.
PLEASE, I BEG YA, DO N'T PROVOKE ' IMALL YOU 'LL EVER GET IS HOKUM FICTION WHAT IF I CHANGE THE NAMES A LITTLE?
According to Hutcheon, whose definition is based on postmodern theories of architecture, the self-conscious reworking of documentary material in contemporary fiction is one of the defining characteristics of the postmodern, which " effects two simultaneous moves.
Well, well, the house of fiction has many windows.
Charisma is pure fiction, and so is brilliance.
while fiction may draw even the most unknowing into its universe.
In fiction and films there was always some sort of permanence after the great Earth/Alien meeting; either the aliens were trying to take over, or Earthmen had beaten a path to their planetary doorstep, or something implied that there would be more contact, or at least some permanent effects.
This headline brought to you by the oil industry Don't automatically assume a hybrid car will save gas.
Swamp gas, " she grumbled in disgust. "
Some of these stars discharge high-velocity jets of gas, creating shock waves in the surrounding medium.
The horrible specter of an innocent man facing the gas chamber? "
Sanitizing stockpiles High temperatures or intense radiation can destroy chemical or biological agents such as VX nerve gas or weaponized anthrax.
Charlie jumps off the " houseboat " to retrieve the can of gas from its hiding place under the junkpile.
Just snow and - she lifted her foot off the gas momentarily when she spotted them - tracks.
An important refinement is the addition of a nozzle at C, to direct the escaping gas and control its expansion.
It advocated an " all-American " solution: building a gas pipeline alongside the existing Alaskan oil pipeline to the port of Valdez, where the gas would be liquefied and shipped in special tankers to California.
She wonders whether Saint Jude, like the stove, had his head piped for natural gas.
the gas and oil and leaves ecological destruction, agricultural waste, hyperinflation, alcoholism, prostitution and poverty.
(n18) However, much of the development of offshore oil and gas resources is actually managed by private-sector international oil companies (IOCs) pursuant to concessions, licenses, leases, production sharing contracts and other agreements under which these companies have primary responsibility for the development of the resources.
Fire Chief John Breheney said the explosion definitely was caused by gas.
E. Komarek speaks of a peculiar fire weather and cites this case; Donnelly claimed that all were due to gas drifts from the tail of Biella's Comet which had not been seen on its expected three previous visits but
Chadwick leapt up onto the vehicle deck and looked for the gas filler cap.
The U.S. Gulf Coast may also be awash with dollars, as drilling companies search for hard-to-get methane gas in deep rock strata.
When the tear gas cleared, the cops had arrested Cassady, the Airplane's Paul Kantner and Kantner's " old lady " Grace Slick, who either attacked the fuzz or-depending on who was telling the story-was attacked by them.
They told him the superintendent had come home from Minersville to find the house filled with escaping gas and
and then went on state the attitude which appears to uniform throughout the industry: outboard motors run better on a g quality marine white gas.
To encourage increased no-lead output, as of Dec. 1 the Department of Energy will allow refiners to pass more of the actual costs of producing gas on to consumers, which could mean a further increase in prices from 2 to 4 per gal.
It was not immediately clear what ignited the propane or whether the explosions at the warehouse were touched off by the gas leak.
According to the President's proposal, " The corporation will be authorized to invest in or develop directly, production capacity from coal liquids, coal gases, peat, biomass, shale oil, and unconventional natural gas. "
Non-aviation gas turbines consist of electrical power generation, mechanical drive (mostly used to drive natural gas pipeline compressors), and marine (Navy, cruise
You could never have a gas station there, " DeCota said. "
Sodium however is a metal that reacts violently with water, and chlorine is a highly toxic gas.
The man with the newspaper is the painter's brother, Rene de Gas; and he might well have been reading the timeless plaint the Picayune published that year: " Taxes!
Instead, Petzal rambled on about rust, quality, and gas erosion, which I 'm sure he knows something about.
In the mid-1990s, Abramoff persuaded Russian oil and gas clients to donate $1 million to a conservative advocacy group called the U.S. Family Network, which was set up by former DeLay chief of staff Edwin Buckham and collected $2.5 million in its five
These parameters can be determined experimentally or calculated, and the methods of sizing and designing suitable gas absorption units can be found in chemical engineering textbooks concerned with industrial gas cleaning, gas absorption, or more generally, with mass transfer processes (e.g., see Kohl and 192 Chapter 7 Riesenfeld).
had learned so soon that the Communists had no intention of permitting him to exercise any real influence upon events, had found himself attacked by hisThe World of Walter Wonderful io5fellow Africans and Asians for his decision to be fair to the white nations, had found all hopes dissipated in the conflicting hatreds and suspicions that swirled constantly like a sickening and fatal gas through all the handsome chambers below.
Early in his career of government servant his geologists hit what was | Europe's lushest field of natural gas.
The processes prove economically viable under some conditions, and will be discussed in some detail for specific pollutant gases.
tears gas to disperse late arrivals who didn't get to see Peron's body at the Congress building where it had lain in state for two days and was vievbed by an estimated 300,000 persons.
(" Removing just one 20-mile trip each week from your routine can prevent more than 1,200 pounds of greenhouse gases a year. "
The gases that passed over and landed on the Bradleys ' land could not be seen or smelled by humans-they required microscopic detection.
@@320126 A dip instead of a trip As gas prices climb and lines form at the pump, more and more harried motorists are taking the plunge.
GAS GLOSSARY The following are terms consumers may come across on their monthly natural gas bill and in other dealings with natural gas marketers: Base charge: This charge covers the costs of delivering gas to your home or business.
A good mood overflows in openness to others; the Foundation station-wagon slowed and pulled up level with a brother in trouble, run out of gas.
Against the deadly gases long ago I masked myself.
of its surface, and the sharp corners where the nozzle joins obstruct the rapid flow of the gases.
The Republican lawmakers envision victory in a 15-year battle to open part of Alaska's Arctic National Wildlife Refuge, the 19-million-acre wilderness area that is a breeding ground for the porcupine caribou, to gas and oil drilling.
know of any pharmacy, although there's a gas station there, but- Don't you have a cell phone? "
The 400h handled well, accelerated quickly and quietly engaged its gas engine.
The work is now nearly finished, and the result is a 793-mile stretch of natural gas pipeline that extends eastward from Whitney Canyon, Wyo.
Two of the biggest losers: Boston Scientific, which voluntarily recalled thousands of pacemakers and defibrillators, and Anadarko Petroleum, which fell after it agreed to buy Kerr-McGee and Western Gas Resources for more than $21 billion in cash.
Consumption charge: This charge covers the cost of the gas used during the billing period.
But they must pay Atlanta Gas Light a long list of regulated charges for such things as delivering and storing gas, meter reading, renting capacity on interstate pipelines, replenishing a fund to pay marketers for uncollectable accounts and the gas company's public education campaign about deregulation.
Such large power utilities as Pacific Gas and Electric, Con Ed, and Public Service Electric and Gas each paid their chairmen less than $1 million in 1994.
American Electric Power said it will pay $81 million to settle a lawsuit and investigations by federal regulators who accused the utility's traders of manipulating natural gas prices.
I was in the gas station Saturday and found a five-dollar bill folded up in
@@9816 IN 1961, WHEN I WAS SIX, Sinclair Oil and Gas transferred my father from Midland, Texas, to Roswell, New Mexico.
His CFD studies on Wankel engines, gas turbine combustors, internal and film cooling of turbine blades, and shockwave/boundary-layer interactions with bleed produced a significant knowledge base for improved designs.
The international gas market is already beginning to recognize this, and, over the long term, it could be enormously dangerous for Russia.
Although the University's permanent endowment, which derives from oil and gas leases on its land holdings, ranks second only to Harvard, only the income from the endowment can be spent, and one-third of that income must be given to the University's rural and somewhat decadent kinsman, Texas A &; M. The source of about 60 per cent of the school's income is state appropriations, and in comparison with the funds granted to eminent state universities, those appropriations have been
He said, " All the world knows you have been using mustard gas... " He broke off; it was an absurd accusation to bring against one peasant. "
Portrait of a Killer Corporation " was offered to readers by the Delhi-based Patriot newspaper after poison gas leaked from
The contraction heats the star's interior, which increases the outward push of gas pressure.
In order to really know what the composition of the gas is, samples have to be collected from high-temperature vents, which are in the crater. "
Money still filtered into the trust, and the oil and gas holdings remained valuable.
Neither gas respects landfill boundaries: tests done in California have shown that illegal levels of gases accumulate not only over landfills but over nearby residential areas as well.
They spent $500 on gas but did require several repair jobs along the way, including a burned-out throttle cable that left them stranded in Revelstoke, British Columbia, for four days, with the meter on their rental apartment at Whistler already running.
On wintery evenings, my three boys, squeaky clean from this ritual, thunder down the stairs and slap the wall switch that niftily starts up the gas fire.
He was alone, lost in a green gas world of silence forever.
The required applied voltage varies considerably with the geometry of the electrodes and the nature and pressure of the filler gas and may vary from perhaps a few hundred volts up to two thousand volts.
Twenty-five tons of liquid hydrogen ignited, sending a rush of superheated gases through the engine nozzles, propelling the massive spacecraft against the pull of gravity. "
English later showed the note to colleagues of his with natural gas interests among their constituents.
President and CEO: Dennis R. Wraase Employees: 5,719 Local employees: 1,814 DESCRIPTION: Pepco Holdings sells electricity and gas to 1.8 million customers in the mid-Atlantic, from the District to southern New Jersey.
Metal police report: " As the operator spun the tires trying to get out of the ditch, the gas ignited anal the car became engulfed in flames. "
What impressed us more were features like the Urika 2's improved gas system, self-cleaned by a spinning piston to keep it working longer between cleanings; its magazine cutoff; the new, easier-to-close bolt release (someone at Beretta finally listened); the extra recoil pad
Q-1 have been unable to get Northern Illinois Gas Co. to respond to my letter of Sept. 10 about service charges for repairing my gas air-conditioner.
Why should the Brazilians, in a war they're winning, import, into their own country, poison gas!
He watched her thigh move as she pressed on the gas pedal.
It designed a new landing configuration, modifying the hydroplanar shape that the craft assumed for gas giant descents.
According to the concepts // of quantum theory (1923), the nature of radiation can be explained as waves, as well as corpuscular; it is thus permissible to regard the radiation field in the interior of a star as a gas, whose component molecules are energetic X-ray quanta.
G. P. Garver, president of Natural Gas Pipeline Co. of America, which serves Chicago, says the backlog of applicants for gas in 1960 ran between 250,000 and 300,000. "
If they're not damming scenic rivers or generating nuclear waste, they're burning fossil fuels, contributing to acid rain, urban smog and the buildup of greenhouse gases in the atmosphere.
n36 However, there has been little progress, largely because of disagreements about pricing and the methods to be used to supply gas to India.
With so little to observe, scientists focused their attention instead on the rocky, inner planets - Mercury, Venus and Mars - as well as the glowing, outer gas giants - Jupiter, Saturn, Uranus and Neptune.
It's taken control of gas stations throughout large parts of Baghdad, and dominates the Shia trade in propane-gas canisters, which Iraqis use for cooking.
to the gas station on the corner, and Francie Lou sat.
GAS GLOSSARY The following are terms consumers may come across on their monthly natural gas bill and in other dealings with natural gas marketers: Base charge: This charge covers the costs of delivering gas to your home or business.
Air-raid sirens have sounded in Tel Aviv, the correspondent in that city tells us, speaking through the absurd yet frightening gas mask that causes him to resemble an oversized anteater.
GAS STATION -- CONTINUOUS Heroine goes up to the service window with Tubbs and looks inside.
And it wasn't no tear gas he was throwin '.
Baby --  " Put your foot on the fuckin gas, Miles, " said Harmony, and rolled up the window.
The first one who cracks and talks not only sends all six of us to the gas chamber but finishes reanimation permanently. "
Similar arguments can undoubtedly be applied to PAN, although ionization of this gas in solution yields normal cell metabolites.
Around us lay the most beautiful city in the world, already flickering with gas lamps, lining the prominent avenues.
THAT 'S why they don't tell me nuthin, that's why they can't report it to the gas and lights, because the bitch is on Welfare, the sister in Puerto Rico is on Welfare here.
In addition, Rosario's oil, gas and precious metals assets have increased sharply, due to steep price increases in those commodities, since the initial Amax-Rosario agreement to merge.
' Though lacking the mathematical treatment necessary for its full elucidation, this notion anticipated the currently accepted theory of the behavior of gases?
He asked what evidence there was that the " immunity " so commonly spoken of was an immunity directed against the tumor as such, or whether it might not merely be an immunity directed against the tumor graft considered as a genetically foreign cell?
The entire dosage regimen is a knife edge in which underdosage will lead to the rejection of the graft and overdosage to secondary damage on cells other than those that transact immunological responses?
Good as Ever " I think there is less graft in the police department these days, but from the standpoint of a skilled, professional burglar I think
What is certain is that, together, the two types can be devastatingly effective in destroying a graft.
Which type is more important in graft rejection is still debated.
@@297444 Where the graft comes sweepin ' down the plain Humorist Will Rogers, Oklahoma's favorite son, once joshed a former U.S. Treasury Secretary: " Mac, knowing you was manager of Uncle Sam's Treasury so long, I thought you'd be well heeled. "
On a per-dollar basis, the Federal Government now probably has less waste, for example, than during the Jackson Administration and less graft than during the Grant Administration.
Among its first official acts was the appointment of a committee to probe graft.
Lung transplants done in 32 patients during the last ten years have been quite disappointing, with only 3 patients living for more than thirty days | with a functioning graft.
is the use of immunosuppressive agents, drugs that depress the immunological response long enough to tide the patient over the period during which rejection might occur and at the same time to help the graft to start to undergo the rather mysterious adaptative process which ends by making it fairly acceptable to the body.
skin graft from someone else or acquiring someone else's kidney.
How about elimination of largescale waste and, indeed, also of graft and corruption (in city and state)?
They wore lace and brocade, leather and rags, grafts, jewels, chains and batteries, plastic, hair, skins and bones.
You used the word graft, I didn't.
Patients with functioning grafts have an average survival of around two and a half years, and those living more than five years are not uncommon.
The ordinary American might define politics as something to do with elections and graft.
But when the big graft scandal came up there in Waynesville, Fisher wouldn't prosecute.
You're practically alleging graft, and I warn you, once you registered as this man's counsel, you became subject to martial law, and I'll not hesitate to charge you.
@@728573 txt Corruption in the New York Police Department, which reportedly involves millions of dollars a year in graft, has created an atmosphere of suspicion, distrust and fear for many New York policemen, police sources report.
employes were described by the Investigation Department as rare evidence in black and white of petty graft in municipal government.
Drugs had proven a much more dependable source of revenue than the petty graft he had organized in exchange for contracts for booze, food, and entertainment for the officers, sergeants, and EM clubs, and since the elimination of the old gook's drug push by Camp Seven, the monopoly was total.
This whole Army's a mess of corruption, caused by cotton -- graft, cumsha, and slipperoo, straight
The generals had also been given the Ministry of Public Works, long esteemed as a source of graft which, through various shadowy kickbacks from American entrepreneurs, also allowed a sizable commissionon American aid.
For the leukemia patient, for example, the cloned cells could provide an infusion of fresh bone marrow, and for the burn victim, grafts of brand-new skin.
External fixation devices stabilize bone while avoiding physes and allowing access to wounds, skin grafts, and muscle flaps (see Figure 5).
When these grafts had been completed by Dr. Leape the second operation was over.
The Mayor's assertion came in response to a statement on Thursday by Whitman Knapp, the head of the Commission to Investigate Alleged Police Corruption, that as chief executive the Mayor " can not escape responsibility " for the widespread graft found among New York's policemen by the panel.
RITAI don't understand the functional difference between neutral field and normal graft tissue, Doctor.
READYou mean if your grafts or whatever they are don't work, she'll never eat like a normal human being again.
Sarah touched the edge of the graft, a bit of the gel sticking to her fingers. "
It was not very often that the little tumor grafts " took " and started growing right away; on the contrary the more usual thing was for the tumor first to grow and then to dwindle away to the accompaniment of a rather fierce attack by the recipient's lymphocytes, cells which play a crucially important part in the immunological defenses.
He made the graft at the first fork of a secondary branch, snipping off the branch and inserting the sharpened stem of a tomato plant into the pithy center of the stump.
not only for grafts and transplants, but also for cancer control.
These would need to be provided with a light hoe and rake, a dibble or garden trowel, a watering-pot, and means and opportunities for securing seeds, roots, buds, and grafts, all which might be done at a trifling expense.
As for Captain O'Hurley, I read in the newspapers sometime later that he had been demoted, and transferred to a post where the opportunity to receive graft and bribes from " clients " were slim indeed.
ballast valves.... " As she went on, outlining the implants and grafts, surgeries and mutilations needed to turn a living zaratan into an animatronic corpse, a part of her was amazed at her own presumption, amazed at the strong, confident, professional tone she was taking.
On the other hand, they try to cajole the body's defenders into accepting the graft as one of its own.
He said they were part of a " continuing fight against graft and corruption. "
his patient's chest cavity via a tiny video camera mounted at the end of one of the three steel rods, the surgeon performs the delicate task of harvesting a chest artery to be used in a heart bypass graft.
The work, he acknowledged to Reynolds, was " a big graft to play as long as I am here in Europe, " 39 and he urged the agent to peddle it to McClure among others (" Hit him hard.
This expediter admitted that without the graft, he would be out of business.
Experience tells us that lawmakers and lobbyists almost never say directly what they mean when it comes to what an average person would consider to be graft.
The new government in Saigon had made sweeping statementsabout ending graft and shooting any Vietnamese officer who embezzled more than 100,000 piastres, about $10,000.
The surgeon clamps the aorta, stopping the flow of blood, before he attaches the other ends of the grafts to it.
Machiavelli would have thoroughly approved of it all, and cited Nixon's being hounded from office because of a little graft, a minor theft, a little destruction of evidence, as proof of his basic proposition: the people are incapable of understanding their interests on a truly national scale.
Medicine watches carefully for rejection after transfusions, organ transplants, and bone grafts.
that the deep-seated problems of the Soviet economy probably are insoluble under a system whose lack of competition fosters more laziness and graft than innovation.
The leech Hirudo medicinalis (in jar) can help skin grafts and reattached tissues heal.
A graft in the eye will take, in a fairly large number of cases.
Clarkin can revise those grafts or replace them. "
Meanwhile, there are rumors of favoritism, sweetheart contracts, and outright graft.
Further, students could practice more exotic procedures often not available in a typical residency eye operations, skin grafts, plastic facial surgery, amputation of useless limbs, coronary surgery, etc.; they could also practice the actual removal of organs, whether they be kidneys, testicles, or what have you, for delivery to the transplant teams.
I heard about the skin graft from Dick Adams of our staff, who had St. Luke's on his beat. "
: they support Stroessner for what they can get, and in addition to land, this includes govern-ment graft, contraband, and revenue from narcotics and prostitution.
This business-like method of collecting graft, in this case in the slums of Bedford StuyVesant and the Fort Greene section of Brooklyn, is far from new.
I said, very coldly, as I went: " Tell me some more about martial law -- and I'll tell you more about graft. "
And you yourself, alone, single-handed, will have saved Quebec from four more years of graft.
In a dozen centers here and abroad, kidneys obtained either from cadavers or living donors are being transplanted into patients dying of incurable kidney disease, and, in the best hands, more than half of the grafts are proving successful.
She must take powerful drugs for the rest of her life to ensure that her immune system does not reject the graft.
proceedings -- in which not only were there wholesale graft payments to the New Orleans police to purchase immunity for racket operations, but some police officials actually were in the rackets themselves, owning and operating gambling establishments, lotteries and houses of prostitution.
One architect even admitted to a double standard about graft.
At the same time, they say, the chain of command from Saigon to the provinces is so ponderous, so complex, so subject to political wheeling and dealing and graft, that generals and cabinet ministers sometimes find it nearly impossible to get an effective response to orders they do issue.
graft suggests that the two animals are genotypically dissimilar.
it had been decided to go ahead with the graft because both Mr. Block and Miss Krouch had type AB Rh positive blood, i which only one American in 25 has.
Again splitthickness grafts were used, this time take:.
Perhaps the Express did own a little of him for each of those nights he checked in and then back out to cover what was happening in the Pork Chop, that section of the city where the Negroes lived and clamored to get out of, and where most of the policemen on the forcep146supplemented their salaries with a graft which provided a decent living.
The first moves toward stopping the graft and decay could be taken this week, however: Georgia is considering a raft of long-overdue anticorruption measures put forward by an American-funded Georgian commission.
The official would take it by cupping his hand over the expediter's, he explained, then flip the, folder ever so the bill was on the bottom, finally using his other hand to slide the money from beneath the folder into a pocket or a drawer, The plan folder on which the expediter did his demonstration was the product of another bit of graft.
In outlining courses of reading for refugees, Miss Flexner tries to slip in literary antidotes for what she has discovered are the three great misconceptions about this nation: (1) that gangsters lurk on every hand, making it dangerous to venture out after dark, (2) that political graft is rampant in every department of the government, and (3) that one must never discuss politics where there is any danger of being overheard.
Walter Taylor and his father had been very much in touch with them, experimenting through the sixties with grafts of French varieties at Bully Hill, the original Taylor family vineyard, founded in 1878 and passed on through five generations.
The VA cited a 31 percent clotting of their bypass grafts Continued on page 38 // within 16 to 30 months.
When any vertebrate animal is " invaded " by foreign proteins-whether bacteria, viruses, or tissues from another animal as in a graft or transplant-the invaders soon meet one of the host's body cells that is armed with the appropriate antibody.
Even though, after filling Espinosa's unfinished term as Senator, he had been endorsed by the Party to run on his own (with strong Negro and labor support, against a weak opponent, destroyed by a graft expose four days before the voting), and he had been re-elected to the Senate on his own, he had felt an interloper.
Relying on a lexicon of readily recognizable symbols (scissors for censorship, sugarloaves for graft, a pear for King Louis Philippe's heavy-jowled face), he fought for a variety of political causes, including a free press.
// Graft, gambling, and prostitution were not Port Arthur's only distinguishing features.
Dr. Orentreich, whose father Dr. Norman Orentreich pioneered the transplant in the 1950s, asserts that with smaller grafts (only one or two hairs per graft), a natural look is attainable. "
Let me know when you need me for the final graft, Jason.
They present me with evidence of graft in Washington or St. Louis; they offer proofs of price-fixing in the oil or aircraft industries; they bring word of illegal campaign contributions, of pay-offs, bribes, and stock-market swindles.
Builders, architects and union officials, who provided information on graft during a six-week investigation by The New York Times into corruption estimated to cost $25-million a year, also described a deeply ingrained system of sanctions that make corruption easy and bring trouble for anyone who resists it, In the painters ' union, for example -- District Council No.
But limb-salvage techniques-which involve skin and vascular grafts, placement of internal rods, and muscle-transfer procedures-are not always successful; they may take up to a dozen surgeries, and two years, before surgeons and patient give up and settle for amputation.
For further reading, try: Eureka: Gold, Graft and Grievances, by B. and B.
Approximately 75 percent of organ grafts (transplants) from a blood relative survive and function for at least a year and around 50 percent of cadaver kidneys do as well in the recipient.
immunity is of the same general kind as transplantation immunity, i.e., the process which leads to the rejection of foreign grafts.
I suggested get -- ting another angiogram to see if my grafts were still open.
PAUL We try to live with lies and corruption and fraud and graft and violence and exploitation and.
But the assumption shared by all four hypotheses -- that the mother must somehow be tolerating a half-foreign graft -- has never been convincingly proved.
The names of policemen who discussed corruption with The Times are being withheld to // In addition to instances of outright graft, the Police Department is troubled by a corrosive atmosphere and official inaction that, according to sources within the
The politicians are dormant, they'll do nothing to clean up the graft, vice, and corruption.
This insulation of the givers from the takers, the diffusion of responsibility for the bribery, typifies most aspects of the building industry, and it gives the system of graft an added resilience.
She remembered every step of care she'd given this plant over the last five years and none of them included a graft.
Unfortunately Erica didn't have enough skin on her abdomen for a normal skin closure, so after the operation, she had to have five or six skin grafts. "
the dismissal last month of the commandant and two other generals of the provincial police, reportedly for graft.
For 30 years, as editor-publisher of a rural North Carolina weekly, he unremittingly fought graft, corruption, red-neck segregationists, pharisees of all kinds-and some 60 libel suits.
Meanwhile, Mayor Wagner renewed his demand that Mr. Lefkowitz repudiate Mr. Kenna, Mr. Wagner declared that Mr. Lefkowitz " knows what was in the State Investigation Commission's report on Kenna, and the graft involved in the Lin denwood housing project in Queens. "
Unfortunately, by modifying and altering the usual bodily defense mechanisms, we expose the recipient of a graft to the risk of unusual infectious diseases and an increased chance of developing a malignant disease.
And once the wrapping came off and the graft had taken, it grew into a new camellia, clear white with bold red streaks running through the petals.
President Thieu managed to keep his fingerprints off the graft until just before the collapse, when Time magazine reported that he had unsuccessfully attempted to airfreight out of Saigon $73 million worth of gold bullion labeled as " personal belongings. "
Respecting Cuba's regime immediately pre-Castro, the encyclopedia has this to say: " Cuban politics before 1959 consisted of graft, corruption, maladministration, fiscal irresponsibility, and social insensitivity especially toward Afro-Cubans.
But he said " there should be prosecution for perjury " in the case of William Rosenthal,, a contractor who told the Sey mour unit last month that lie had paid graft to four employes Of the city's Real Estate Department.
Through an alliance between Tammany Hall and the Democratic Party, graft had been his stock-in-trade.
Sometimes sponging the end grain, and applying the stain while this part of the wood is wet, will even up the color as it may do on sapwood.
Liquid fillers are applied to wood evenly lengthwise of the grain, as in varnishing; and without being rubbed off, if they contain much varnish, they should be allowed to dry.
(8) angle stitching; (9) curve stitching; (10) concentric stitching: tubular form; (11) tacking (301 and 304 stitches); (12) four-phase work cycle; (13) seaming: quality evaluation; (14) straight seams: grain varia- | Figure tions, seam guides; (15) curved seams: grain variations and curve variations; (16) angular seams: grain and angle variations; and (17) live-phase work cycles.
Formerly the abrasive grains were sprinkled evenly on a previously glue-prepared surface.
In order to avoid having to haul sheaves of grain all the way to the farmstead, and then having to cart the manure back to the fields, the farmer built a field barn at the back end of the farm.
A few grains of sand, a stutter of the clock hand, a blink of the eyes.
For already-prepared dry and wet foods for cats and dogs, both Wysong and Langs Natural have impeccable ingredients lists, including organic and whole grains, and whole cuts of meat, while avoiding unhealthy additives like meat by-products, meat meals and grain flours to bulk up their foods.
@@730447 txt Congress has begun to probe alleged profiteering in the U.S.-Soviet grain deal, as prospects widen for vastly increased trade between the two world giants.
Argentina can expand its already large volume of soybean exports, but its growth potential for grain exports is limited by the availability of arable land.
A pack-animal could carry no more than four bushels of grain; but, when the grain was converted to whiskey, the same animal could easily transport 24 bushels as two kegs of whiskey, and the value of that load of whiskey was often the equivalent of 48 bushels of grain.
(He consults his drawing) When the barrel turns, the seeds will come evenly from the little holes we've bored in the barrel -- a good grain distributor --
That late-winter time frame, grain specialists concur, coincided with the realization by Soviet and Chinese officials that their needs for grain imports this year would be vast.
ROSEWOOD Brazilian a hard, heavy wood with almost black streaks; wild grain effect.
In 1444 John Fray, Chief Baron of the Exchequer, was to have // a dress of violet in grain ' for winter wear and green cloth ' for summer.
Food was plentiful in the lush valley, allowing them to feast on nuts and wild grains, ducks, mollusks and fish.
Now every grain of sand on the wide beach seemed visible as the silent column trotted across it.
By April, no less than a quarter of British merchantmen were sunk, and the nation's stocks of grain provided supplies for only six weeks.
It significantly outyields other small grains and is generally more valuable per bushel than feed grains, which approach or surpass it in yield.
Among the Gonja, at least today, things are not very different except 65 Cooking, cuisine and class that crops are normally stored in the fields, i.e. at some distance from the village; it is from there that the head of the household distributes his yams or his grain, while cassava is normally dug up when required.
The usual procedure is to sponge the carefully sanded wood with warm water to raise the grain.
Also, these diets are usually deficient in protein, although a mixed diet consisting of several plant foods such as grains, legumes, and nuts with complementary amino acid patterns is safe.
This is done in order to dampen and raise the grain on all surfaces that are to be finished.
I think about making a bracelet for Joan out of the tiles, a string around her wrist so the fine wood grain of the tiles will slide up and down her arm when she touches my face.
The cardboard surface, used by Heizer as a material similar in its " humbleness " to dirt, is silk-screened with photographic material taken from various geologic sources - rock grain, mud, minerals.
Grain elevator towering off to the right, and yes, the inevitable train tracks... convenience store with gas pumps... even a red flashing stoplight suspended above an
Some of the American left's more notable accomplishments are rooted in rural populism: the Socialist Party's highest all-time local membership totals in Oklahoma before World War I, the state-owned bank and grain mill established in North Dakota by the Nonpartisan League and eight years of radical government in Minnesota under the Farmer-Labor Party in the 1930s.
Chud used to cook high-carbohydrate meals, but when she realized the starch or grain wasn't " the flavor-bearing component, " and when she felt good and lost weight, it wasn't hard to make the switch.
suffered severe brain damage after eating a hog that had been fed grain treated with mercury.
We went forward on a run, and a yell, till about half way across the second field, when we were ordered, for some unaccountable reason to us, to halt, and the bullets were coming like hailstones, and whittling our boys like grain before the sickle. "
But with this year ' s crop yields likely to be skimpy in those regions, most will have to hoard the grain to make sure they can feed livestock and miss out on the generous price spread.
Nelly also reported that the new Mrs. Scovel charged her husband for the oats and hay he fed his horse on the weekend, while he in turn deducted an eighth for the grain she sent to the mill to be ground.
On the other hand, more oblique retaliation, such as the American grain embargo or the American
A wealthy man may have ten granaries, their wooden doors sealed with mud plaster and the grain inside sprinkled with ashes as protection against insect damage.
Sally arrived in the better GMC pickup at 8:45 to take over running the combine while Tom unloaded grain. "
It's not easy to learn, and it goes against the grain of me-first American individualism and the lure of million-dollar sneaker contracts.
years with a cargo of grain was " sure to meet six ships sailing out with a similar cargo. "
These large granaries were carefully cleaned to prevent pests from eating the grain, and a fire was sometimes built at their base, which had the effect of keeping the contents dry.
Richard Gady, a vice president at ConAgra Inc., says grains account for only 10% of the cost of cereals. "
Wheat, the traditional English grain, remained the preferred crop over rye or corn.
And these roads, of course, also served the Midwest, allowing larger and larger grain harvests to be sent farther and farther away. "
// Eventually, our ancestors learned to grind and cook grain into flat // breads and gruels, increasing the grains ' nutritional value and, no doubt, its // palatability.
Wholemeal flour, which contains all the bran, germ and scutellum and endosperm of the wheat grain has an extraction rate of 100 per cent.
Plant fiber is that portion of vegetables, fruits and grains which is not digested by the human small intestinal tract.
There's no mystery-laden pattern here, just stacks of grain randomly thrown out by a machine.
Aoife fed him a hot broth made of grain, and bread slathered with butter freshly brought up from safekeeping in the nearby bog.
A careful study of wood structure with a magnifier shows that the fibers are arranged like parallel tubes lengthwise of the grain.
The conversion of grain to flour begins with the operation known as breaking, in which the grain, or grist as it is known, is passed through four or five pairs of rolls known as break rolls.
The castle still had a storehouse of grain, and Charming shared as much of his food as he could with the hungry folk he met on his travels.
The grains that now glowed on his computer screen, as smooth and huge as heavenly bodies.
Handsome, brown-skinned young women, naked from the waist up, working at grain mortars and kettles and looms in the pleasant shade alongside the road, paused and stood up to watch these white men ride in.
GRAINS AND SOYBEANS: Futures prices for wheat and soybeans fell.
He retired, actually, but then he fell under the wheels of a grain cart and he died from his injuries.
Elsewhere seed was sown, grain grew and was harvested.
As a Persian grain trader says, " We are earning $24 billion a year from oil.
The drought has also turned what promised to be a record British grain harvest into a disaster, lowering harvest expectations from 17.5 million tons to an anticipated 13.8 million.
HL Tauri has water-ice grains in its disk, which are perhaps similar in nature to our cometary matter.
Meanwhile, we currently have an abundance of grains, vegetables, soybeans and legumes readily available to immediately fortify millions of starving humans.
It is the pleasure he finds leading a team of horses, sewing grain sacks that takes him away from ledgers and banking offices now.
offending the powerful grain dealers, or for reasons of its own.
Grain company ties on Capitol Hill are strong, as campaign contributions indicate, but with on-going investigations by the FTC, the ICC, Justice, the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, USDA, and various grand juries, it will be increasingly difficult to ignore the power held by these global corporations.
The grass-fed claim on a label is not independently verified, however, and producers may " finish " the cattle on grain (usually without the hormone and drug additives).
It is usually a good idea to avoid cutting directly | across the grain, but in some circumstances it is necessary.
I am not sure when the Church conceded that Ussher's date must be wrong, but it went very much against the clerical grain to concede that the Earth is thousands of millions of years old.
But by using stl cps to locate the wood, the work can be done on a table saw A power router can be used to remove the waste between saw cuts, In h, un l owls that cut cleanly across the grain, the router may be graded by a strip of wood temporarily clamped on to cut the dodo without sawing first.
A country such as India exports tea and iron ore but imports oil, food grains, copper, tin, lead and zinc and so on.
President Ford moved to regulate future U.S.-Russian grain deals.
This housed dovetail groove permitted movement across the grain in the top board and thereby prevented the splitting that is caused by directly screwing or pinning a top to the frame.24 A third, related Newtown shop produced conservative case furniture that can be distinguished from figures 18?
He'd talked to old-timers, read books, and knew what kinds of insects you could put in the grain to eat the insects that ate the grain.
-- To reduce mycotoxins in the kitchen: Store grains, flour, or peanuts in tightly-closed containers in a dry place.
Much cellulose is removed in the processing of food; for example the husks of cereal grains, which are mainly cellulose, are usually removed.
The old Maxwell House coffee can she used as a grain scoop slipped from her fingers.
And a resident of Gardner, Kansas, irked by the racket from a hay drier in a grain elevator near his home, pioneered a do-it-yourself solution to the problems of our new Age of Noise.
And if it seems there are more nameless ex-Riney staffers than grains of sand on a beach, and that no one wants to offend him, well, that ' s about right. "
is that the acts of interpretation I describe are richly in the cinematic grain: movies legitimize every kind of fantasy, not excluding the fantasy of full explanation.
At points in between, the TP &W; serviced the factories, chemical plants, grain elevators and warehouses that provided the bulk of its local business.
The Agriculture Department is sticking by that projection, but grain dealers say the outflow could be some 50 million bushels less than that.
Research conducted at several stations has demonstrated that the kind or amount of grain fed does not affect the udder edema or congestion frequently observed at calving time.
As supplies of cheap grain and meat from the Middle West flowed into the region more easily, two major changes occurred in local farming: (1) farms on the poorer and more remote land were abandoned and allowed to revert to scrub; (2) increased specialization took place, with more emphasis on town-supply dairying and poultry farming.
An extension for 4 years of the present feed grains program.
If you go directly to sanding, awkward pieces of grain and fiber ends, that may have been bent or pressed down, will stand up again, appearing as roughness when polish or stain is applied.
In both cases, the decline in grain area was followed roughly a decade later by a decline in production.
A growing phenomenon, AGRI Industries now rivals the big private grain companies. "
* SEEK OUT THE BRIGHT-YELLOW WHOLE GRAIN COUNCIL STAMP It was launched by the WGC in 2005 and states exactly how many grams of whole grains are contained in a serving of the product.
Before the embargo, the U.S. provided 70% of Soviet grain imports.
The Federal Grain Inspection Service shipped in samples from all around the United States.
Corn, a less labor intensive crop that yielded more per acre, and rye, a more dependable grain less susceptible to blasts and other natural disasters, replaced wheat as the favored grain (see table 6).
When an earthquake and tidal wave struck, washing away St. Cyprian's connection with the mainland, its people simply supposed that God had emptied the rest of the world, forgetting the survivors on St. Cyprian like so many grains of salt in an empty bag.
Also, building up of a Soviet grain reserve might discourage sudden and inflationary purchases when Russian crops fail.
Similarly, the bulk of U.S. grain // was being managed by just three grain trading companies, Cargill and // Continental (which would later merge) and Archer Daniels Midland.
Early harvests because of the drought have sharpened an already severe shortage of grain cars on the Burlington line that has some farmers dumping their grain on the ground.
something -- precious grains of her own life, which he needed.
stain by brushing with the grain of the wood.
Churchill ' s Chamber of Commerce is worried about a report that the Canadian Wheat Board may ship less grain through Churchill to Russia.
But was scratch grain a food or a utensil similar to a self-feeding hopper?
Hemming washed the embryos, each smaller than a grain of sand, into a square, half-inch-deep clear plastic petri dish with grid markings etched on the bottom.
Carcass grades indicate cattle receiving 75 percent grain graded much higher than those receiving only 50 percent grain.
Other grains, like millet, are used in certain districts because they will grow under the local conditions.
Called payment in kind (PIK), the program aims to invigorate the wilted farm economy by reducing bin-busting surpluses, driving up depressed prices, cutting Government costs for farm subsidies and grain storage, and saving farmers production expenses.
Few of the drought-prone countries have grain reserves, and a lack of rain next year could easily wipe out this year's gains. "
Now that the frontiers of agricultural settlement have disappeared, future growth in grain production must come almost entirely from raising land productivity.
The businessmen who took part in these meetings, like Arthur Newmyer, head of Newmyer Associates, who had come to the Coalition from NCCJ, found the experience educational.
This, of course, shifts the relative influence of faculty, department heads, and college- and university-level administrators.
Shaking her head, she added, " I can't believe this is the best excuse you could come up with.
In my head, I hear... To draw.
At first she saw them whole, but then they were gradually swallowed up by the crowd, and only their colored berets bobbed up and down among the heads of the people, focusing her eyes on them. "
A strange and stirring sight, to come on a pool at night, after a little rain, and see the toads and frogs clinging to the edges their temporary pond, bodies immersed in the water but heads in the air, all of them croaking away in tricky counterpoint.
teacher turned his head, then turned it another way, a bald head, talking, and Jules felt himselffalling.
He thumbed up one eyelid and saw nothing but white, the eyeball rolled up into the head.
More than one head turned to face her, perplexed.
She claims Ronnie Davison is crazy about Sabra and wouldn't harm a hair on her head.
A guy with a green baseball cap jammed low on his head went into the liquor store.
I first saw him 40 yards to my left, raising just his red and blue head high enough to check out the flat.
Mixner wasn't there, in part because of his own suggestion that the invitations go to the heads of major gay organizations.
, he saw that her eyes were filled with tears and, when he would have kissed them away, she turned her head so that he could not do so. "
The deer raised her head from the water swirling about her delicate brown legs, looked at them quite unafraid, and then picked her way back into the forest, her hooves clicking on the stones and her tail flicking. "
I saw bodies without limbs or heads, and sat up, sweating.
Slapping kids up the side of the head -- that sort of thing. "
There I stood in my bald head and my sport shirt, obviously not the police.
The crisis had come to a head and Mr. Neville Chamberlain had
He glances at Jenny, then puts his free hand to his head like a pistol.
She curled up on the settee in the study, pulling down a red-bound dictionary from the bookshelf above her head.
His hair was climbin ' back from his forehead, and his head was kind of flat on top.
No one could shred what was in Combs's head, and once he destroyed these documents, no one could even get that.
Another group of children had gathered at the head of a narrowalley on the far side of the street.
Her dish jowls, big eyes, and finely carved head left no doubt that she was Arabian.
Em thought about it; shook his head. "
The funeralgoers shake their heads clear of disbelief and reinvent themselves in one great big convulsive boom of elation, whirling one another around like children on a playground, the old women hopping in the air with their arms fluttering above their heads, frisky old men skipping in the dirt, and the pallbearers, their black faces sequined with light, dance onward to the cemetery, the coffin dipping and rolling above their heads like a rowboat on the open sea.
There must be low-res video in the feed this time because she moves in jittery black and white, tossing back her head, her lips flattening with... what?
Many days later, when my illness was coming to an end and the bandages were removed from my infected hand, I was lying in bed between clean sheets and with my head on two fluffed-up pillows my mother had put there, my grandfather, who now could see, came into my room and sat in a chair beside my bed.
He was too young to be promoted to division head in the first place.
Before Angie could express an opinion, he was already shaking his head. "
He shakes his head as though he's trying to wake himself up.
She and John were both laughing, shaking their heads in admiration, looking at me to corroborate their delighted sense of how wackily ingenious the whole place was. "
The chisel blade dug deep into the snow, the pressure of his body forcing it deeper and deeper until just as his feet thrust out over the edge of the snow pack, the ax head brought him to a stop.
I lowered my head, leaned forward, and abandoned all chance of advancing to the end zone.
She turned her head slightly to get a look at him. "
On the bed was Joel Converse, his eyes wide and glasslike, saliva oozing from the sides of his mouth, his head moving back and forth as if in a trance, unintelligible sounds emerging from his lips.
Now, the head of the N.E A must add to these artfully vague criteria the cop's word "
She sipped her sherry, raised her head as blind people often do, seeming to listen for some faint signal, or to sniff the
And then he heard the heynim, a gigantic swarm swirling around her head, and trailing back into the dark beyond.
Jill, who had been sitting on the couch with her head resting on Steve's shoulder, sat up, alert. "
Tipping his head back, Ridley stared up at the priest, annoyed at the man's manner.
Toss out a tomato, toss out a head a lettuce, toss out a big ol ' carrot.
From the sixth or seventh floor of the building above his head, 146, rue de Grenelle, where that street joins the rue Fabert at an angle of ninety degrees, he estimated that a gunman would be able to dominate the front gardens of the Invalides, the entrance to the inner courtyard, most of the Place des Invalides,
Danug, who had been following behind the visiting flint worker, watched him stop, clutch a post, and drop his head.
The tablet had the rudimentary form of a lizard, with abbreviated head, tail, and legs breaking the otherwise oblong form.
She pushed me into her breasts and held my head between her legs, the only places where I lost the smell of her perfume.
That thought has been going through my head too, Paul, but I think I had better proceed on the assumption it might be true.
It was true, he said, it was true, he'd gotten in over his head.
The screen door at the head of the outside stairs had quietly opened; a figure appeared: Mother.
TROUT O'DONNELL I 'm goin ' to smash this right over yer head!
A woman just tore out of the water screaming her head off.	51:55	0:60	 A woman just tore out of the water screaming her head off .
For the last several miles, until I sat up to write this, I've had my head resting on the shoulder of a skinny young creature named Roy, half angel, half animal.
Dessa turned her head under Carrie's hands and looked at her mother.
She was sitting beside the small birch, her head bowed, her legs hanging out of sight over the edge of the bluff.
He has his hands down them now, and he's hanging by the belt so his head tilts to the side some when he spins.
That tandem ride likely was our last; this was the * * 27; 308; TOOLONG period when I took it into my head to require not only a horse all my own but the ruggedest possible saddle, a sawbuck packframe, for myself.
When he was about twenty paces away, the other turned his head. "
Terrified, he at first tried fumblingly to pry her head away, but already her mouth and tongue were sending such intensewaves of pleasure through him that all he could do was hold her head and moan -- and try to control the muscle that threatened to leap from his control. "
Sitting in the ceramics studio at the Kansas City Art Institute, where he has taught and been head of the department since 1964, Ferguson was characteristically direct but in all expansive mood, and with good reason.
CUT TO: Three Girls Near Bay Window: Virginia McCoo (polio cripple, sharp features, strident voice); Phyllis Chatfield (chubby, sturdy); and a third girl (head turned away, tying
While | his back was turned she produced, with much winking at the stands, a " measuring tape, " and when Gout turned around again she thrashed him about the head and ears with a stout leather strap, singing, Beat a wolf, sir, wolf, sir, wolf, sir, (Beat a wolf, sir, wolf, sir, wolf!)
Some of the smallest Egyptian sculptures at the Louvre have the most clearly detailed heads.
She walked over and kissed him on the top of his head. "
Anger-plagued enrollees cocked their heads to the side like curious spaniels. "
's way of keeping you sober, " Anders had said, shaking his head.
A short white chiffon skirt was bolted to her waist, and her strangely marbled blond-and-gray hair -- shaped into the most extraordinary bun, large as a second head -- hung like some awful, wilting flower from the nape of her rigidly fluted neck.
I'ma personally put a bullet to the back of her head! "
The tacks were small, and after he had started them he wound the ends of the twine around them under their heads, then drove them in.
p. 58 PEGGY Is it time for me to take my clothes off and put a lampshade on my head?
(Stands at head of bed and rubs Jaspers ' head.
He admitted 1 was probably right, but he shuffled out still studying the ducks, tilting his head as he does only when looking at something really first-rate.
Also, if some of you would turn me over now and put something under my head.
I thought you'd spring that last one on me, " declared Thorne, wagging his head. "
Marvyn was scratching his head, scrunching up his brow until the eyepatch danced; then abruptly jamming both hands in his pockets and tilting his head back: the poster boy for careless insouciance.
@@251489 patriarch: the head of a family First and foremost, he was head of the family.
Barry kisses Annabel on the head and untangles his hand from hers.
As they trudged back to Sosara with the late sun pounding on their heads and necks, Sparrowhawk remarked, " It's blue malachite; but I doubt they'll know the diftcrencein Sosara either. "
I swear, my mouth was so wide, Jeff could have fit his entire head inside it.
Urling merely listens with his head cocked to one side, his pen and notepaper motionless in his hands behind his back. "
She turned her head, her dark Italian eyes laughing. "
This was another contest in which both contestants rocked each other with solid shots to the head and body.
Porter, one of the firm's founding partners and head of its corporate, securities law and merger and acquisition department, will serve as the chief executive of the 75-lawyer firm.
I feel responsible,  he said, shaking his head. "
Ware stood before him, his arrogance visible in the angle of his head. "
Her head rests on the pad of his shoulder, and her right arm is tucked between them.
a white girl; nobody with reasonable eyes in his head could ever mistake me for one.
Witnesses told of seeing severed limbs and a body with its head blown off.
In preparation for this task, he wrote, he had been consulting with conservative media critics, including L. Brent Bozell III, chairman of the Media Research Center, and Reed Irvine, head of Accuracy in Media.
What do you think they can do to me, cut off my head? "
He got up shaking his head as if he'd clear it.
She'd given him that mark, slammed a jug of whisky over his head.
The leaders of the poaching rings are in Nairobi, some 185 miles to the south of here, according to Mannasses Keiller, head of Kenya's Anti-Poaching Mobile Unit, a fiveyearold body that has more than 50 employes.
My Shadow hung his head in what might have been shame. "
Her mother, Amy, 42, shook her head in disbelief. "
Don't get another idea in your head. "
He stayed only a few minutes, was gone before we'd raised our heads following the final prayer.
He located the object he was hunting for and brought it out with the triumphant gesture of a man displaying the head of a dragon he has slain. "
Lady Agnes shook her head, wishing that her longtime companion and friend was present so they could mourn together. "
He shook his head as if at the silliness of all this, then waded through the rank greenery to the corner of the shed and disappeared around it.
Intent on his act, he lay back and bridged from head to heels, thrusting his skinny rib cage into the air.
pearls was tied in a knot and she was wearing awfully high black heels.
Coming on the heels of Pepsi's recent $370 million purchase of SoBe, the hottest of the New Age tonics, the Gatorade deal was Enrico's crowning achievement, effectively solidifying Pepsi's dominance in the fastest-growing segment of the drinks business. "
He turned a corner where a man sat on the curb flicking out the blade of his knife, slamming it shut with the heel of his hand, and flicking it out again.
Sweat ran in tiny rivulets down her back beneath her fitted corset and slithered its way down her clinging stockings into her snug-fitting heels.
Not that Steve suffered any qualms of conscience at following on the fixer's heels.
Is Billy trying to say something serious about men and women, heels and heroes?
At his heels is a LITTLE BOY, eager to be helpful, carrying a plastic sand shovel.
Can too many desserts cause a guy to hallucinated Is she really waiting for him, cooling her heels by his door?
She looked like one of those Milles ghosts, running on her heels toward eternity.
A Hindu holy man, his face decorated with vivid colored paste, his hair drawn up into a topknot, crouched on his heels and keened, an endless, mournful, shrill whining, like the hum of mosquitoes at night.
The only difference: The toe and heel are joined by a vibrationdamping plate (consisting of plastic and a rubberlike material) and, for added carving leverage, the binding is stacked about 5 mm higher than the Look.
| The children she gave Isaac grew older, making friendships, riding bicycles, less at her heels in her free hours home from school.
The other man looks back from the heel of the sled, laughing.
Left alone, the little group engaged hand to hand attempted to break off their engagement and escape also, leaping and jumping and tumbling head over heels down the slope after their mates.
But much as it would not be for us to counsel the Poles in bravery, it's not for us to counsel them in timidity or even in restraint, The struggle against the Soviet heel is one we've decided against, but they live under it and not us.
MAKE IT SEMI-WIDETake a balanced, shoulder-width stance using your heels -- not your toes -- as a guide.
In the space between the groups with their flags, a SPANISH SOLDIER of lithe and whiplash form is doing a flamenco dance, his heels smacking the ground in rhythmic plops.
I save her,  he said, and then turned on his heels
What's your -- " A clatter of heels down the hall and an enraged face exploding with the desire to kill: " You want trouble?
Painful to watch: hands resisting the desiccated ice, heels dragging.
A heavy runner on hard surfaces can use extra heel protection.
Nobody followed her to the kitchen, just the little ribbon of sound from her high heels on the bare boards and the linoleum.
When anything new comes out in the civilian market, high heels or negative heels
Presently he drew the shoe, glowing, out of the coals and, laying it on the horn of the anvil, narrowed the heel.
He is a lithe, handsome man of thirty-six, with wavy black hair and large brown eyes; his height, of which he is boyishly proud, is an inch over six feet, and he increases it onstage by wearing shoes with two-inch heels.
And it's because Rumsfeld has dug in his heels and
They went on in the grass, Fanny hop-walking on her heel, and passed through the warm leaf-dappled mildewed oak wood; then ascended the sloping granite rock to look down at the green water in the jagged deep basin. "
He was a solid, weighty man now, and came down hard on his heels.
At your seat, point your toes down (heels up), then raise your toes up toward your knees so that you're flexing your calf muscles, suggests Rebecca W. Acosta, MPH, executive director of Traveler
By the time the fish started running again I had braced myself against the railing in a V shape, the grip of the pole poking my midsection out into a point, my heels on the deck and my toes smashed up against the side of the boat, my arms stretched to the utmost to keep from losing the tackle.
// Even before the Heels played their first game, Smith was complaining that he had too much talent.
Use an underlayment-graded plywood, if you can find it, because voids between its plies have been filled, preventing shoe heels from punching holes in the floor.
Keeping your upper body supported on your forearms, slide your feet back while straightening your legs so that your body forms a straight line from head to heels.
What kept the breasts bobbing, then and for the rest of the trip, were the three-inch heels of her sandals.
Collins had become wedged in a tight passage; his attempts to wriggle free had brought down loose dirt and rock, entombing him from neck to heels, his arms pinned at his sides.
He believed that a voice, the heel of a hand, a hesitation, the widening of a nostril, could furnish a stage.
With the balls of the feet on the stair, lower the heel of one foot over the stair edge, until a stretch is felt.
Father Willie went skidding across the floor, Spencer Van Moot dragging him by the heels.
I do believe that he had metal plates on his heels to increase the militaristic effect.
The restaurant was always mobbed with diners (no surprise), but it never ceased to amaze me that no one seemed to notice it was run by a man in makeup and cha-cha heels.
They sit in the darkening living room, listening to June's heels clicking up the walk to the front door. "
But the motorcycle boot never made it to the next decade, and by the early 1960s there began an outbreak on college campuses across the country of what may conveniently be thought of as Frye fever: a passion for this high-topped prairie style, usually in natural tan leather, with a moderately high heel, thick sole, and small snub toe.
Nor the cries she stifled in the heel of her hand, a blind fed puppy. "
Women, having lunch, wear nylons and high heels and imitation pearl necklaces.
Since then I waited up every night, and tonight I missed her going in but I heard her high heels come down your stairs.
Roll your weight forward from the outside heel to the big toe.
in high heels - who has kept her girlish grace though she is the mother of four - Mme.
Flick a lever and you can easily remove toe and heel; if you have a few pairs of skis mounted with Speedlock plates, you'll only need one set of toe- and heelpieces.
The blast knocked him flat on his back but the birdshot picked off one of the galloping hares in midair, flipping his thin gray rabbit body head over heels, leaving him to twitch and heave on the ground.
Miles and Grace were almost the exact same height, she in those heels she always wore, and, in the new spring sunlight, their hair seemed about the same color, his shining white, hers the palest blond.
uncoveredstick-shift shaft dug sharply into the heel of her hand.
In another month he would be free to kick his heels and start raisin ' hell.
Below me the window swung open noiselessly and I dropped, my heels extended, aiming for the
Madeleine in her gray suit with the squirrel collar, her large hat, hurried forward on high heels.
CRAIGSLIST CHANGES On the heels of the arrest of Philip Markoff, the alleged Craigslist killer, the online classified site announced May 13 that it was replacing its " erotic services " section with a pre-screened " adult services " one.
The half-coyote mongrel of their neighbors across the arroyo, the Quintanas, leaped the footer, sat and whined, and Sam tossed him the skin of his grilled chicken breast, gone in a snap, and then a heel of French bread the dog trotted off with. "
into the bus, her heels ringing tinnily against the metal steps, and the door folded shut behind her and the driver wheezed off again. "
I kid you not, a dyed-in-the-wool Spanish villa like where Imperial era nobility cooled their heels.
Amis had suffered from a weak heart, the Achilles ' heel of every man in his family.
icons from the twenties, together in one hunting party -- rocked me back on my heels.
The pressure for health-care reform comes on the heels of a staggering surge in spending that threatens to swamp the federal budget and distort our national purposes, not to mention the bottom lines of America's corporations.
He turned on his heel and starred to leave.
he's shoutin ', " Walk right into them flames in yer high heels! "
// North Carolina jumped to a 5-0 lead on Sunday, but in the bottom of the fourth inning Tar Heels righthander Robert Woodard plunked leadoff hitter Tyler Graham. "
Then I thought I might as wellp223go inside and see if my grandmother had come home, or if Dan had persuaded her to kick up her heels -- such as she was willing -- at the cast party.
I don't know what you mean talking about heels.	43:48	0:49	 I do n't know what you mean talking about heels .
The Principal moved past him on shaky but determined legs and raised a foot to plant one boot heel square between the horns of the enemy.
brick front stoop, about the strange things people did, and where pets went when they were dead, until she graduated into junior high and started to wear nylons and French heels, and smelled like Campbell's soup when it was warm.
Lyman tapped the bottom of his own glass, long since emptied of the Scotch he'd shared with Casey, on the heel of his hand, but shook his head when Girard offered him the bottle.
She heard his boot heels on the tile again.
may end up crying aunt as Steed (Patrick Macnee) and his partner Mrs. Peel (Diana Rigg) kick up all kinds of heels on this fine British import series.
If she closed her eyes, Lorna could still picture her own small feet shoved into the toes of those shoes, the heels clapping treacherously behind her as she traipsed across a faded Oriental carpet in her parents ' bedroom toward the fading blur of golden hair and big smile and the waft of Caron's Fleurs de Rocaille perfume that was her memory of her mother.
Finally, in some consternation, the women turn on their heels and lurch off down the long walk, but not before noticing that she's made a huge mess of the patio-why, it's got an old iron gate and pieces from the junkyard piled in the middle of it, some of them welded together into some kind of awful-looking construction that Mama swears is a human figure but Jinx's mama says is no such thing-and not before seeing that she's had Billy Estep plow up all that pretty grass in front of the house for a big vegetable garden, of all things!
The blood neatly and safely organized, and all her sharps-waste disposed of, Judy turned on her heel and walked out of the semiprivate recess that Beatrice occupied in the first bay of the SICU.
He squatted on his heels near a rock.
Nevertheless, he dug in his heels and braced for her attack.
I choked back a harsh reply, turned on my heel and walked through the little gallery down to the adjoining bathroom.
If she closes her eyes and concentrates on the mural, she could be transported back to that D &D.; Holes in the stores should open up, and she should be able to move through them effortlessly, one to another in a blink and a click of the heels.
Wait for me, " I called after him, digging my heels into Madonna.
It's supposed to sell panty hose, not books,  Nora said as she slipped into her heels.
She wore a blue-flowered summer skirt that hung to her knees, baby blue heels, a white blouse, and a lightweight tan leather jacket with a braided fringe.
But she's just plain head over heels about it.
he said, as he turned on his heels and strode off. '
It followed on the heels of a 2 hour 40 minute meeting the day before.
Step diagonally backward with right foot; with right heel lifted, bend both knees into a wide squat A. Straighten legs; then bend right knee up to hip height so you're balancing on your left leg, left knee slightly bent.
He digs his heels into the horse's flanks and they move off at a canter, riding toward the promontory that splits the beach.
The immediacy of his mission gave flight to his heels.
Deformities and blemishes, such as distorted toes, bunions, corns, callouses, ingrowing and thickened nails, lumps over the heel tendon, and shortened calf muscles, often are attributable to continuous wearing of shoes that were too tight, too short or too high heeled. "
| Lily's heels sank into the soft dirt as she walked to a position behind the plate at the community center playing field and laced her fingers into the wire fence.
in apparent response to complaints f r om congressional leaders that the administration was-dragging its heels in submitting a legislative program?
Outside in the hall, someone ' s heels click by, and the low rumble from the men standing downstairs, crowded and jostling, rises
She didn't like Bee's wearing heels for the second day in a row.
It and rivals such as Timberland have turned to sandals on the heels of successful upstarts such as Teva.
When the heel touches the floor, it does not move until after the foot has rotated flat.
Over the months and years the heel closes near to the toe and the instep arches.
Their Committee on Media Integrity (Comint) is off to a promising start in life, nipping at the heels of the Los Angeles public-TV giant KCET.
He never looked at them then, he'd totally ignore them, but he could tell by their hurried steps, quite often clicking away in their high heels, how much he'd frightened them.
Slowly straighten right leg by contracting quadriceps, pressing your right heel toward the sky.
He was wearing a black cassock down to his heels and over his arm a long black cape -- the hood of it swept the tips of the grass -- and over the bush of his reddish locks a strange black hat like a sort of tam defiantly set with a black pompom. "
When the time comes, " he said, " they ' ll just change the requirements in Washington to include our law, and the manufacturers will be let off the hook. "
This uncertainty includes the young man unsure of holding his job in an area of high unemployment and factory closures due to violence..
This can then yield a response curve (provided a sufficient range is chosen): or secondly one can take say four levels of the first limiting amino acid at equal intervals, two either side of the performance peaks, and at each level include say four levels of the second amino acid.
Soon the president and other high officials left the country for a world tour that included Djakarta, Peking, Moscow, the UN headquarters, and Havana.
The 1997 Microcredit Summit in Washington, D.C. -- sponsors included the World Bank, MasterCard and JPMorgan -- vaulted microlending onto the world stage.
These include (1) internal consistency, (2) consistency // with
The association continues to examine what should be included in the National Park System and how sites should be managed for the highest values and most lasting protection.
There are ambitious proposals to change the nature of the network or extend the TCP/IP protocol so that the address can include information about packet content.
After providing a brief review of his painting techniques, Handell offered specific comments about some of the landscapes and portraits included in the retrospective exhibition.
d) A summary of the project should be included, along with your plan of action and the results you expect.
The Houston City Council on Wednesday will take up the issue of whether to allow city employees to include same-sex partners on their health insurance.
The project includes adding 42, 000 square feet to one plant to build a new engine and retooling another plant to produce new engine parts.
Willing hands reached forward to help him; and simply by allowing those who wanted to take a closer look push him to one side -- after all, it wasn't everyone whose walking tour of the Holy City included attempted murder -- Dutch soon found himself at the back of the crowd which was still gathering.
Kept in a large can, they include large, small, and many medium sizes.
This effort includes observation of all activities of the boxing squad at Wisconsin in practice or in competition, a comprehensive examination utilizing special techniques before, after, and at
The timing was almost perfect, allowing me to include the story for The Alpine Advocate's weekly deadline. "
The Agrarians, Social Democrats, Liberals, and // Swedish and Communist parties were all in agreement on the tax increases included in the outgoing government's stabilization program.
Besides Mr. Walsh, the commission includes Manly Fleischmann, Buffalo lawyer, and William C. Warren, dean of the Columbia University Law School.
But the terms of his contract, provided to the Chronicle by UH, include several ways in which he can obtain thousands of dollars in additional income if he is able to
Extras: He also gets a skin kit that includes a cleansing gel, exfoliating scrub, shave oil, moisturizer and a medicated clearing gel for blemishes and razor bumps.
More specific recommendations included extending regional research activity to include nonstation participants, establishing joint
Espionage will go on, of course, but presumably it will be of the corporate kind, waged among Japan, Korea and the European Community, which is apt to include Czechoslovakia, Hungary, Poland, what used to be called East Germany, and (as an associate
In fact, some practices may be unsusceptible of legislative prohibition through difficulty of either definition or detection, and the fine line between legal and illegal is always difficult to locate precisely.34 Ultimately the problem of honesty in conducting campaigns includes more than following legal practices and avoiding illegal ones.
The children had deserted her in favor of Ben and Jane, and Anne had to keep reminding herself to include Laura in the conversation.
Afterward, the musicians and about a hundred guests gathered on the twelfth floor of the United States Mission to the United Nations, just across First Avenue, for a reception that included cocktails, crudites, and artichoke souffle.
Participating critics and writers included Neva Chonin, Jonathan Curiel, Chuy Varela and James Sullivan.
The rates do not include add-on fees known as points.
Our FSR group's role expanded a second time to include the negotiation of collaborative agreements and involvement in the planning and budgeting process of INTSORMIL.
While no demographic data were collected on the participants, the middle school demographic profile includes 57% Caucasian, 20% African American, 9% Asian, 8% Hispanic, and approximately 6% multiracial.
Letters for publication must include the writer's name, address and telephone number.
Restaurant men contend serious threats to their industry are posed by President Kennedy's recommendation to restrict tax deductions for business expenses, and by the urging of some Congressmen that Federal minimum wage legislation be extended to 2 1 million restaurant workers The night club segment of the industry perhaps would be affected even to a larger degree by the proposed tax overhaul, which includes a suggestion by the President that the cost of business entertainment be disallowed as a deduction. "
The town houses include an adjacent boat slip on Boone Lagoon on the Fox River. "
Thus, while turkey and cranberries are expected at Thanksgiving, the cranberries will be included in the different meal components from soup to nuts, e.g., one year a cranberry relish will be the rage and another a cranberry crunch.
If you want to know the truth, whatever I did I did against both -- because both were guilty, all of us turned into animals, myself included.
The criteria include willingness to lead a " clean, moral life, " to " sustain the authority of the church, " and to " serve, the Lord. "
Although trust and independence are important, Eileen Woodford, NPCA's Northeast regional director, points out that the Park Service should have an established framework that includes criteria to ensure the agency receives the desired result.
If Congress appropriates the full Clinton stimulus package of $ 31 billion - which includes job-retraining funds and tax incentives for small businesses - more jobs would be created.
While we were talking the telephone rang and she dealt with a request for a trade reception, to include refreshments after a fashion parade.
Other matters under challenge by the refugees include previous rulings that such prisoners, since they are technically not in the United States, do not have ordinary constitutional rights.
In encompassing most of the eastern shore of the lake, his estate may have been thought to include the lake itself.
Although she was considered " promising, " her credits included only a few mixed-review films (Two People, The Paper Chase) and occasional one-shot appearances on TV shows.
Garden apartments typically include dozens of buildings situated around huge and poorly lit parking lots that allow cars to enter and exit from different directions.
The deals included Coke's 1986 creation of CocaCola Enterprises, a $1.2 billion IPO.
have included the 1978 Wimbledon final, in which he was in charge all the way 6-2, 6-2, 6-3?
When mailing my September check to Town &; Country, I Included the finance charges in order to keep my
Armstrong and Ritter said that as long as she includes investors in the venture, it might be a good idea, and would even support her borrowing money to get it off the ground. "
The eleventh-century caliph alZahir, we are told, in spite of famine, inflation, and plague, celebrated the Islamic feast days with " art works from the sugar bakers, " which included 157 figures and seven large (table-sized!)
It follows that, unless a policy of ruthless exploitation and contempt for native needs and abilities is adopted, all such schemes must include provision for education and a general raising of living standards.
Conservatives complain that Kinsey's interviews included prisoners and gay-bar swingers in New York, who gave stories from America's wilder side.
Those cabotage laws include, in addition to the Passenger Vessel Services Act, the Jones Act which requires that cargo transported by sea between U.S. ports be in U.S.-owned, U.S.-built and U.S.-crewed vessels.
That includes those to whom we teach physics, both those few who are on the road to membership in our club and the many who are not.
@@5211 Tanith Lee's most recent books include Faces Under Water and a young adult novel that's due out in England very shortly, Law of the Wolf Tower.
On the shelves behind where my husband was pointing ranged the two hundred-plus books he'd edited at a Boston publishing house, and the four he'd written, the last novel, A Secret History of Time to Come, included by the New York Museum of Natural History in a time capsule that would outlast us all. "
This technology includes the addition of quick lime and bulking agents to the raw residual and the recycling of compost to aid in the
During his brief career, which would only include five albums, Hendrix forever changed the course of
The international community should discard the illusion that one can intervene in a country beset by widespread civil violence without affecting domestic politics and without including a nation-building component.
(For future reference, it is worth noting that color was explicitly included to make it likely that one of the variables would be seen as noncausal, and in fact " most " subjects selected color as the variable least likely to make a difference.)
Letters for publication must include the writer's name, address and telephone number.
| An exploratory survey of colleges and universities in the United States indicates that, in general, few students keep steady company during their freshman year, but the proportion increases through the sophomore and junior years, rising by the senior year to include two thirds or more of the students, many of them becoming engaged before graduation.
His current projects include the television series 100 Centre Street and the forthcoming film America's Sweethearts.
The meeting included reports on member activities in Germany, Puerto Rico, Canada, and Brazil.
The financial challenges facing American families include unemployment and low wages.
When the European Union officially invited candidate countries to apply for accession, the first tranche of fast-track applicants included Poland, Estonia, Czech Republic, Hungary, and Slovenia.
His book about Norwegian wood carving, published in 1878, was a further stimulus to the development of the dragon style.2 In the same year the Norwegian pavilion at the Exposition Universelle in Paris included dragons on the gables and became the model for the country's pavilions at the international expositions in Chicago in 1893 and Paris in 1900.
Melanesia, Micronesia and Polynesia Melanesia lies to the northeast of Australia and includes New Caledonia, the New Hebrides, the Solomon Islands, Fiji and New Guinea.
Sandy Longton, president of the Mayfair Civic Association, a community organization that includes part of Portage Park, and chairman of the Coalition to Save the Ramps and Bridges, says all three aldermen have been concerned and cooperative on the issue. "
This should not only embrace as yet untested missiles like the Minuteman, but should include our operational ICBMs as a stopgap.
-- 79 -- ANGLE TO INCLUDE SID AND BETH SIDThat's about the saddest thing there is.
SCENE 39 - MS CAMERA DOLLIES BACK WITH MARIA, IN COSTUME, TO INCLUDE SZANTO.
The first event, held November 1-8, included 17 students from Russia, Finland, and Sweden; Moscow participated as a separate entity.
, which included requirements for decent working conditions and minimum pay along with environmental safeguards; narrowing the gap between rich and poor by eliminating tax breaks to corporations that pay " below living wages "; opposing " fast track " authority for trade agreements and democratizing the World Trade Organization tribunals; a moratorium on the death penalty and the unworkable, provocative, costly missile defense system.
The new rules include two important changes that were all but ignored last week in the initial public debate.
These voices speak on the big issues and the microscopic details, the whole world and the small universe of psychology Their number has expanded in recent years to include not only noted psychologists, but others-writers, actors, scientistswith insight into the human condition.
// Dr. Wein said that in addition to surgery and biofeedback training, other treatments include electrical stimulation that exercises and strengthens both the bladder and sphincter, and drugs that increase sphincter resistance and decrease bladder contractibility.
Second, Weinrich's position permits us to include in our theorizing the historical variability of concrete instances of fictionality.
// These montages are brief but mesmerizing, and the film also includes discussion of Western influences on Japanese film makers, with excited references to Griffith ' s " Broken Blossoms " and Chaplin ' s " Woman of Paris. "
5 This hierarchy includes: PREFORMATTED TABLE This hierarchy reflects the concern for both hazardous
The hardiest perennials include " The Choking Doberman, " a gruesome tale synthesized from two old legends: " The Witch and the Telltale Wound " and " The Misunderstood Pet. "
Earth's most recent moons still included more than a score of destroyer-sized spacecraft; but the mother ship had disappeared Into interplanetary space with half its retinue, and the remaining ships seemed to be doing nothing.
Large corporations often have elder care resources for employees that include literature, videotapes, and seminars on topics ranging from guilt to finances
Facial includes a mask and a shoulder, foot and scalp massage.
Charges of political influence were also made in connection with the granting of a national bank charter to a group here, which included Max R. Kampelman, a former assistant to Vice President Humphrey.
@@411787 New models score well in crash tests Recent frontal offset crash tests by the Insurance Institute for Highway Safety included eight midsize sport utility vehicles for 2001 or 2002.
Options include 3-car garages; additional rooms; extended rooms; fireplaces; skylights, deluxe cabinet selections; full basements, as well as decks and patios.
In rare cases, these include inflammations of the heart or its lining, the lungs and pleura, not uncommonly the eye, fairly often the peripheral nerves, the skin, and so forth.
The guide includes character sketches, tons of trivia, factoids and catchphrases. "
They included a highly sophisticated variety of tools, made out of bone and antler as well as stone.
The evolutionarily later always subsumes and includes the evolutionarily earlier; and therefore, given any measure of value, the more advanced is going to possess more of it than the more primitive.
The young announcers, who include Kenny Rogers Jr., son of the country-and-western singer, will even spring pop quizzes on their viewers.
@@5724 Rebecca Ore's shorter fiction has been collected in Alien Bootlegger and Other Stories and her recent novels include Slow Funeral and Gaia's Toys.
He could have even included the stick -- but having the President's fingerprints on the murder weapon seemed like a better idea.
But the set does include plenty of less-than- ideal vocal takes, both in the studio and in concert, revealing a man with a talent that needed to be honed like any other.
Dr. LeRoy Bates, vice president for medical affairs at HIP, said that " at the moment, hospital - affiliated clinics are not included in our program. "
The fungi include mushrooms, bread molds, and a host of ubiquitous allies from the cause of athlete's foot to the mycelium that may be swallowing Michigan (see my column of July 1992).
As far as possible, lead a disciplined, trigger - free lifestyle that includes vigilance in sleeping and eating schedules and daily exercise.
IUD officials, who have only lately given it a strong push, report more than two dozen multi-union committees are now contemplating joint bargaining with multi-plant employers; included are Armour &; Co., Campbell Soup Co., Johns Manville Corp., Borg-Warner Corp., Sperry Rand Corp., Union Carbide Corp.
Gutman quotes a slave ship captain whose diary in 1682, includes this pas-sage:...
These structures and practices may have included clandestineness, democratic or bureaucratic centralism, abstention frenn elecFREEDOM // total politics or the use of elections for merely " pedagogical " purposes, and a preparedness to resort to such militant tactics as general strikes, land seizure,
The latter group includes students who often do superb work in my classes but who are quite as likely to be on academic probation as on the Dean's list.
Campbell led the 11-member team, which included representatives of the Canadian Council of Churches, the Mexican Protestant Federation, the United Church of Christ, the
Outsiders were always outsiders here, each of the families who surrounded their rented home having been on this land since before the two Virginias were separate states.
and we're having a practice air-raid drill -- and you understand we're all Americans here, we accept the law of the land -- so we invite Millie into our shelter.
They reached the last landing and then the inner courtyard and now they saw why they had not been challenged yet: fires had broken out following the explosions and the courtyard was filled with black smoke.
.. dispel any notion of foul play land will he reported to the coroner's office on June 4. "
and rosy natural lips with but just a tiny down of sideburn wisping down the cheekbone a price they could afford, without them she would have scared them off into the formal camps of complete ego-approach the kind American boys use for their Lana Turners in the rosy ballroom of the land, use for their idea of what it's like to make Lana Turner and Ava Gardner and such.
On the far shore of the lake a dark line appeared, a sinister black crop growing out of the green fields, advancing over the land like a blight.
Originally, the government only nationalized land belonging to Somozistas.
I myself have a family estate, an ancient home and lands, descended unto me from my fathers.
When the feathers land, some piles will be bigger than others. "
In 158o, by imperial order, all lands in the empire were to be surveyed for the purpose of assessing land taxes.
But her last words were, ' I 'm dying a stranger in a strange land. '
the same principle which brought them into being a half-century ago: the supreme goal is to protect property values and the best way to do this is to keep out everything but single-family, detached houses, preferably on large plots of land.
The bill directs the Secretary of Agriculture " to develop into optimum timber productivity as soon as possible " the 97 million acres of commercial timber land in the 183 million acres of the national forests.
Most of the flat land in the mountainous nation has long since been given over to cities and needed farms; by necessity, many greens have been put on hillsides, where they result in the destruction of forests, blocked streams and erosion. "
He lands, head first, sprawling into the cops and knocking about half of them off their feet.
From out of the north, as the winds of spring blew across the land, there came the one called Rild.
Barbarians ' were allowed to build warehouses andTAI-PAN (72) BOOK Ifactories on a plot of land half a mile by two hundred yards at Canton; ' barbarians ' were totally confined to this walled-in area -- the Canton Settlement -- andcould stay only for the winter shipping season -- September until March -- when they must leave and go to Macao.
(thanks to the capital gains and other loopholes, labor-earned income is currently taxed at an even higher rate than income gained through manipulation of capital and land); and where, in the entire economic system, the diversions occur that prevent an equitable distribution of wealth.
But gliding 1,000 feet above it, Cleo looked down on a land of vivid greens, criss-crossed by dusty-red dirt roads leading away from Highway 50.
During the Eocene and Oligocene, there was no land connection between Great Britain and northwestern Europe, although there was a land bridge to Normandy.
As well established as Landing was, one was still supposed to report anything unusual on Pern.
The city said since we put up parking lots, the value of the land went up.
Knopf, who takes pride in the dozen or so Nobel Prize winners his house has published, would not be pleased by the comparison land neither, for that matter, would Rosset), but Callahan is probably right.
erty Review Board to expedite the sale of " unneeded " federal buildings and land.
ALLEN L. CHASE San Francisco THE LAND OF OZ Editor -- Jordan is the new mayor, the Niners aren't going to the playoffs and Bill Graham is dead.
Red man is never naked in his own land.
The investigators began quizzing him about the Holy Land Foundation.
ELLA I 'm selling the house, the land, the orchard, the tractor, the stock.
In this benighted land " forgiveness " was the refuge of the coward.
You can kill it by mowing it regularly for four or five years-if your land's not too rough, the vines aren't too thick and you've got the energy.
We inspected it at an exhibit of Dali paintings, drawings, and watercolors at Knoudler's, where its creator, whom we also inspected, told us that many of the components of its title were also in the picture: his wife, Gala; The Cid, the hero of his native land; nucleic acid; and so on. "
For, first, property need not be constituted by land or material objects.
Straight lines may thus, in hierarchical societies, have been associated with the movement of the king, who literally " ruled the land. "
Unlike his literary friend, Rostropovich has taken to his adopted land with an enthusiasm that endears him to Americans.
but the amount of movement that is possible is always less than in other land animals.
Some men, for instance, continued to work part-time on nearby farms or farmed small plots of public or marginal land nearby.
Six regions located between the upper James and York Rivers- " the Countreys of Powhatan, Arrohateck, Appamatuck, Pamunky, Youghtamond, and Mattapanient " - were inherited by Wahunsonacock sometime after 1570 and, together with lands along the lower York River, comprised the historic core of his empire.
The knights are satisfied; they can now rest assured that baronial government will not subvert their land tenures.
At the end of its landing roll, the plane reversed direction and lurched to a stop.
Occupation of the land farther south had extended westward to the Mississippi River fairly rapidly in the 1820s and 30s, but large parts of Arkansas, Louisiana, and eastern Texas were not occupied until just before the outbreak of the Civil War, and the Ozarks remained a negative area as late as 1870.
The land classification called for in this act is necessary in helping the Review Commission formulate its recommendations.
But when the alarm came of a Saxon landing on the south coast, and I asked to ride with his men, 42he would not take me. "
The land doesn't meet the sea, it collides with it.
Much of the land, once cotton-producing, has been turned to timber, but four Negro tenant families still live on some of the property, occupying rundown houses that do more than Lyndon Johnson's words to dramatize poverty.
Products Association told the Portland, Oregon Chamber of Commerce last March: Nature has its own way of limiting the land base for producing forests, but in recent years nature has suddenly acquired some ardent helpers.
The piece of land she bought was far out in the suburbs of Tokyo, but at a place from which her husband could commute conveniently to the factory where he worked.
/// Charlie asked, as they bobbed and bumped over the land scape.
This description seems accurate: As the suburbs of Jerusalem pushed West toward Lifta in the 1930s and 1940s, many Liftawis sold or rented land to Jewish families moving into the area.
Now about the landing tonight -- " " You mean the spaceship's coming
Bred and born in a rugged and lonely land, the Apaches knew the difficulties of survival; they knew how a man could live, how he must live.
It -- is simply the legal application of Aldo, Leopold's land ethic.
as the history of the woollen and land forfeitures acts demonstrate.
Perhaps he lost his way, or was sent by the army, or was chased by lawmen, or went in purposeful search of some secret treasure or his own self-knowledge, or perhaps he was captured and dragged to this alien land, stripped, bound, spread-eagled on the desert floor to be tortured and killed, only to be rescued at the last moment by the great chief's only daughter, straddling his condemned body with her innocent one, staying her father's hand with her tender plea as she knelt over him, dressed merely
Hugh Nichols let a select few live in the slapped-together shacks on his two hundred acres; he'd be damned if he'd sell out to developers so they could fling stucco around his land.
Sea transport remains cheap and efficient compared with other forms but air and land transport have sometimes replaced or complemented it.
Sooner or later visitors to the peninsula ascend Franklin Point on the incline and look down on the vista of sea and land from where Sir John Franklin stood in 1802 on his epochal voyage of discovery.
Much of this land is cultivated by families of landlords who are themselves of lower caste.
No nation-state could be nuts enough to blow up the world -- and the few barbaric exceptions were Dealt With, if necessary with methods that left land aglow in the dark.
On the landing she's waiting patiently; a girl without a calendar.
development of an economic surplus, the differential possession of the land and its fruits became an additional criterion for evaluating families and individuals.
Out of that experience has grown a nonprofit business school with the novel purpose of training rising managers of international companies in how to avoid money-losing blunders in foreign lands.
His 1988 itinerary has featured revival meetings, drop-ins at both U.S. political conventions and breakthrough tours in two Communist lands.
I looked up and stood dumbstruck to see an actual airplane come stuttering down to a landing - just like in the movie Wings.
I 'm not sure how much land and what kind of land can tolerate that much water.
The emphasis on the work ethic points up one of the key realities of life in the land of Mao.
Meanwhile, the Reagan era became famous for skyrocketing maximum wages as greed became fashionable throughout the land.
A rather striking example of the influence of land forms is provided by fields in which the crops are planted in rows or strips along the contour, at right angles to the natural slope of the land.
One of the // great achievements of Omayyads was the conquest of Spain following the landing of their famous General Tarik on a rock now bearing his name (Jabal-al-Tarik meaning the mountain of Tarik ' or Gibraltar).
If the NEACP was destroyed on landing, the United States would lose its ability to respond properlyto a Soviet attack.
Many aspects of feudal law were submerged, but the ideas of property survived and became the basis of English land law that was worked out in the thirteenth and fourteenth centuries.
What length of time was required for him to amass sufficient daring to venture the narrow flight of stairs to the attic landing I can't say.
As the other ships approached the landing, long gangplanks were run out and everyone scurried onto dry land, happy to stretch their legs for the first time in days
I've seen people blow each other to bits over a piece of land.
The murderers will be punished and peace secured, and a new order raised in the land. "
Beyond the plateau was a small valley, then the land rose again, more stark and rugged.
Once they held large holdings of land, but they began to lose it, plot after plot, in all the ways a family destined for disaster can find to lose its land.
It lands on a girl at the next table.
So the People became many and filled this land.
All the intelligence I had of him, from his house and his land and his train and his resident poets, had not prepared me for the impel sonal force of him, the frightening freedom of him.
Unlike most of the western parks, which were carved out of vast holdings of federal land, Great Smoky Mountains National Park was stitched together from thousands of small tracts, including farms and villages that had existed for a century or more.
Inside, a shrine displays a copy of the 1868 treaty, promising the land " for the absolute and undisturbed use and occupancy of the Sioux. "
A little-known attraction of Jordan is the desert castles set amid trees in the eastern part of the land, most of them used by the Ommayyad Caliphs around the eighth century A.D. Their main residence was in Damascus, but the Caliphs enjoyed life in the desert and would move with their entire entourage back to the land of their original Bedouin ancestry, to regain the pleasures of the simplicity and spaciousness of desert life.
After service in the U.S. Army, Jimmy worked on land for
I also added, " I come as ambassador from the duke of Lu, a land as large and as rich as Lydia.
From the taro swamps immediately behind the limestone plateau the land rises to low volcanic hills, an extensive area of which has been planted with albizzia trees.
Take a piece of lakeshore land near Kendaia, turn it into a navy boot camp, finish with it, give it to the air force for a while, and when they don't need it anymore, throw up your hands, give it to the state, tear down the buildings, make it a park, call it Sampson, let it be a
Israel stubbornly refuses to apply this principle to the other Arab lands it occupies, claiming that it must maintain a military presence in the West Bank to ensure its own security and that of its settlements there.
Simultaneously, local operatives in the Southeast China port of Swatow, the city near the planned landing, made hundreds of area photographs and closely monitored local Chinese security forces.
Today was not one of those occasions, however, as the man reviewed his holdings in land, sheep and cattle, and his expectations of the auction in Dolores.
The state was able to accomplish a radical land reform program quickly.
Harriman State Park in New York is composed principally of land given to the state by E. Roland Harriman's mother half a century ago, shortly after his father's death.
Slumbrous in broad daylight, they would flop asleep against the side boards of the wagon, pink lips wet and apart, nodding off into oblivion even before they had been taken beyond the gate, even before they were carried past the bounds of that land which had composed the entire smell and substance and geography of their lives and whose fields and
He should not let the boat drift here near the rocky shores of a land whose people attacked
Although he did rescue Kiev from the Pechenegs (a nomadic Turkic population that occupied the steppe) in 968, Sviatoslav devoted most of his attention to establishing control over lands on the Danube river.
Some additional smarts went into reconfiguring Sugarloaf's trails: To make room for the increased skier traffic caused by the new SuperQuad lift, two cruising runs, Hayburner and King's Landing, were cut.
BEN CAMPBELL It's land Chief White Eyes gave them, Colonel.
If the British went by water, Revere later wrote, " We should shew two lanthorns in the North Church steeple, and if by land, one as a signal, for we were apprehensive it would be difficult to cross the Charles River, or to git over Boston
Allanon was dead, gone forever from the Four Lands.
The abyss between us and the past of the land seems impossible to bridge sometimes.
greater numbers of ewes will in themselves result in better pastures, or will encourage greater use of fencing, fertilisers and land regeneration.
His foot on the gas, the car raced down the street, straddling lanes as he struggled for control.
Bent Funeral Directors (cremations or burials) on Old Oak Common Lane, the dismal congeries of shops at the turbulent intersection where Western Avenue becomes Western Way as cars and lorries tear towards the
He steered her down the checkout lane, propelled her past the row of teenage baggers, and through a clot of abandoned shopping carts.
The nose is just wide enough for one street -- Midnight Pass Road -- with private lanes and tourist lodgings on each side, along with occasional undeveloped wooded areas.
It is not a cash issue, " said Mark Lane, an equity analyst with William Blair &; Co. in Chicago.
As befitted a new gentleman, he applied for a coat of arms in 1612; Carter Lane, off Fleet Street, still bears his name.
It took both of his hands to pull the careening car into his own lane.
The transistor talked to itself down in the grass to our left, and I heard Julie say something to Debby in the lane, but I paid no more attention than Peck did.
Penney stores and continued on a merchandising and management path that included Mervyn's, Sears Roebuck &; Co., Lane Bryant, Factory 2-U and Levi Strauss.
Tytuvenai seemed to have a web of little lanes going nowhere in particular.
@@669993 Behind a lectern in a Washington, D.C., courtroom this week stood Mark Lane, lawyer to controversial causes of right and left, making his opening statement.
Ninety-nine Maple Lane was the only place she'd ever lived.
Also vocal are residents of western Massachusetts, who have seen their transit projects wither as $8.5 billion of state money was committed to the Dig, now a clanging construction site that runs the length of central Boston, 7.8 miles of infrastructure and 161 lane miles.
// These would include Miss Jackson ' s bracing, profoundly moving portrayal of the late Stevie Smith, the English poet, in " Stevie, " as well as the performances of Amanda Plummer and Diane Lane in " Cattle Annie and Little Britches, " which was made in 1979, and the performance of Sandrine Battistella in Jean-Luc Godard ' s " Numero Deux, " made in 1975.
Immediately after that meeting, Lane Kirkland, secretarytreasurer of the federation, announced that labor would participate in the tripartite, 15-member Pay Advisory Committee.
We emphasized that play in practice all week, " Dixon says as senior forward Jaron Brown cuts through the lane for a layup after receiving a pass from Taft on the left wing.
Furthermore, the fast lane is not reserved for the more affluent, and the ability of an American vehicle to accelerate quickly does not reflect the driver's economic status.
Lane, the chief attorney, angrily denounced another district attorney and said he had removed that attorney from his job.
driven off the freeway by a careless teenager changing lanes, the thing that had been scheduled to kill Parsifal had been denied, and Sabine lost the years she was promised he still had.
what brought me here; for a moment, as I pulled into the driveway of the white clapboard house on Margarets Lane, I half-expected to see the tall, rangy figure of Uncle Evan ambling out of the house to greet me.
Her private asphalt lane wound through acres of mature avocado trees.
Southbound lanes of Interstate 87 (the New York State Thruway) south of the Tappan Zee Bridge closed.
Jack took the exit and stayed in the curb lane, continuing to take another of the sweeping cloverleaf exits back onto the Washington Beltway, and back to CIA.
He got the rest of the way across the piazza without being seen and up into a dark narrow lane, and from this lane off into a series of lanes that kept him away from the Corso and the piazza but movingdeeper into the city where the workingmen lived.
The role of GTO in the movie Two Lane Blacktop calls for virtuoso acting, and gets it-from a 43-year-old veteran of a hundred movie and television westerns named Warren Gates.
She liked wandering along the little lanes and reading the stones.
I wouldn't want to be old Bertelson when he finds that in modern Sweden the Lutheran Church has become nothing but a registry of births and deaths, and that the sexual habits of young Swedes make the objectionablegoings-on in Omaha lovers ' lanes look like sandbox play.
Reunions in the latter two last week brought out more than 300 present and former bunnies for a final hop down memory lane. "
Doc wheeled into the lane to the scratch of gravel and the squeal of tires and, bag in hand, jumped out of the car before it quit moving.
As if responding to a secret sign, the Chinese pedestrians walk into the eight lanes of moving traffic as if the cars and trucks and vans do not exist.
That soutane whipped about the lanes as though six priests had arrived.
Soon the roadsides were lined solid with empty cars, and then the left lane was closed completely by an eight-car smash-up.
The left lane, for example, on the highway.
But here, the highway was three lanes and mostly straight, with occasional lazy bends through the old Fort Ord grounds, now a college, and the shopping districts.
After getting my prescription, I met Barb at a checkout lane and helped her unload the cart.
There in its vast ship outside the trade lanes of the First Worlds it had kept its engines still -- communicating with no one -- and so they had left it alone.
The lane girl was a big midwesterner with a husky voice and white, American teeth, plus long thick legs and a stunning amount of blond hair, styled in a way that screamed Parmatown Mall!
was taking a had beating and Dan pulled over under a dark lane of trees.
What was a quaint intersection of two country roads 50 years ago is now a two-tiered interchange with 10 lanes of traffic-choked hell; try to cross it on foot, and you're taking your life into your hands.
They have us down to one lane for repairs.
1 car in victory lane at least once but carefully enough to avoid the wall; no driver crashed and spun out more than Park last season.
Even the set has been painted red and gold to blend with the Drury Lane decor.
So he stopped -- on the pavement since there was no shoulder -- and all four piled onto the opposite lane.
With pinwheeling legs, flailing arms, I hurdle a new ditch and commence rushingdown the ailanthus-shaded lane leading to the country road when now, abruptly, my pace slackens, I begin a slow dogtrot which in turn becomes a walk, feet scuffing along.
Turn left, and drive down the gravel lane about a quarter of a mile until it dead-ends at a two-story white Victorian with a green roof, a wrap-around porch, and a windowed turret.
The chicken coop was below her, across the lane from the barn, and suddenly, at a certain stage of darkness, chickens, white blurs, would appear from the brush, from the wheat field, from the pasture on the other side of the road, and begin moving toward the coop as though drawn to a magnet, some of them running, catching up to others and frightening them into a run, some moving slowerp200through the darkness, alone.
While traffic slowly filtered through the narrow lane between truck and parked cars, he listened to music on the car radio.
Take Lenin Avenue to Lenin Street, go straight to Lenin Square, then left along Lenin Boulevard to Lenin Place and Lenin Lane.
@@14612 ON THE TOP OF MY great-great-grandfather John Lane's limestone grave-marker, erected in eastern North Carolina in 1868, is a set of carved hands grasped in friendship.
Since no employment existed, they crowded the already swarming lanes and slums of the towns, lived in ditches by the roadside until, wasted by disease and hardship, " they die in a little time. "
Although a few may be separated from other traffic merely by a solid white line (as for with-flow lanes) most are physically separated by a series of traffic islands or raised curbs.
I stood in the lane until the final echo of the wheels vanishedrattling in the distance.
On another of the so-called bad days, Tom sewed up the arm of seven-year-old Melanie Lane after the child crashed through a storm door, cutting herself so badly that her mother feared she might be left crippled.
The lane ended at a wide woodenp85gate, painted red and set in a high gray brick wall.
Right$ tart Checking Seminar on Saturday at 9 a.m. at New Testament Church of God, 2370 Locust Lane in southeast Atlanta.
Bike lanes and paths fan out from the campus and crisscross the city Policy was recently changed to automatically include bike lanes in any new road construction-in the rare cases where that's not possible, a wide outside lane is used.
The head swayed, dead eyes gleaming as the villagers carried their trophy through the gate and onto the narrow lanes that wound toward the dome in the center of the village.
We only wished that we could have given him some company in whatever part of hell is reserved for murdering preachers byp191sending down the soul of the Reverend H. D. Fisher, chaplain in Lane's Kansas Brigade.
|p60Still shaken from the violent scene she had witnessed, Joan wandered down a lane of half-erected booths, latecomers to Smithfield, steering clear of the bustle of construction.
The four of them turned north on the lane that passed their cabin.
So the soldiers stepped on it, the APC started really rumbling down this lane like a bobsled, riding high up on curves as it tried to follow this winding lane.
The room was a good indicator of the size and feel of the whole house, a massive bargelike structure moored at Muscat Lane.
Then, as the lane creeps to a slow halt, you notice with rising indignation that cars in the lane you have vacated are continuing to speed ahead, out of sight.
For one thing, Walls was born, raised and still lives, as he says, " just three minutes ' drive, including the red light, " from the Cowboys ' practice field on Forest Lane in north Dallas.
At Four Sparrows Marsh (above), on the western side, some 80 acres lie right off six lanes of frantic traffic.
But then the pleasure of the dream was stymied by the same frustration he'd felt that day at the crowded corner of Broadway and Maiden Lane.
The stroke happened as he turned from a feeder lane onto an eight-lane highway.
Vessels plying the coastal sea lanes were hit by 50-foot waves and hurricane-velocity winds.
A little farther on, tall fence posts marked the ranch lane.
Also, All Star is operating in an area that is oversupplied with lanes.
In metro Atlanta, I have seen horrendous misuse of these lanes by speeding drivers -- and zero police presence -- especially on I-85 in Gwinnett County.
He is a variation on Luke Skywalker (the actor, Brian Lane Green, bears a certain resemblance to Harrison Ford).
Jeff Hawkins and Engineer Tony Brownell back their engines into the driveway of a mobile home off Tim Tam Lane, a gravel road traversing the ridge north of Miller Peak.
The car rocked from lane to lane; the body vaulted off the hood, did a half flip and landed faceup at the side of the road.
In an effort to keep lanes open in each direction at all times, Howard said city crews paved over the median so that people can drive on that while the main lanes are under construction.
Another mudholed lane took him into a traffic circle of commuters sucking coffee from insulated cups, pastries sliding on dashboards.
Curvier lanes sound like more of a hazard, especially for speeders who don't slow down just because the road curves.
MANCHESTER The Hollings College for the Food and Fashion Industries, Old Hall Lane, Wilmslow Road, Manchester 14.
@@405373 HIS CAREER MAY BE IN THE FAST LANE BUT THIS TV HEARTTHROB IS STILL A LAID-BACK TEXAN WHO LOVES HIS MOM 'S COOKING AND A GIRL WHO PLAYS BEER PONG.
After 25 years of motorcycling and a few years of cycling I've learned to be cautious crossing from one side of the lane to the other-especially if the pavement is wet.
Staring down my lane at the arrayed hurdles, I focused on starting strong and moving steadily forward, one step at a time.
Wilkes, however, was a determined man, and by the end of December he was again heading south, his destination the little-known sea lanes south of Australia, an area which D'Urville was also about to enter.
Overhead the bare branches of the trees were distorted and a little wild against the starry sky: a landscape of Ed-yard Munch, Ann Arbor was Moscow, Petersburg, A Story by MacDonald Harris 65 Stockholm, a city of white nights and frozen abstract demons; the campus lanes were the Nevsky Prospekt.
I think I met Father about halfway down our lane.
Lane and his arguments haven't changed; the climate of opinion has.
It's always rush hour but I haven't figured out when to put on my blinker because it's safe to change lanes and I 'm also not sure which exit I should take to get off this track altogether.
billion net) and the Fed got stuck owning the crap, but was legally only making a loan to Maiden Lane, who was the legal owner (Maiden Lane was incorporated not in NYC, but in Delaware to avoid paying taxes).
The composer of Miles Lane ' realized to the full the dramatic possibilities of this repetition.
Her enterprise has been financed partly with an IDA and other aid via the non-profit Lane MicroBusiness. "
Lane, who apparently could find nothing believable or straightforward in the commission's records, even suggests that the bullet found on Connally's stretcher was " planted. "
Oh, she had imagined the elms that would someday line the lane from the Road to the House, their branches meeting overhead, the House standing squarely at lane's end.
If you don't want to be spending Christmas Day in the breakdown lane of I-76 somewhere between Bedford and Carlisle, I'd leave early or not at all, " the FM-104 jock advised his listening audience (a * * 28; 11081; TOOLONG up.
Carters jostle peddlers, and servants swarm the lane between shop windows and the row of posts protecting them from the street.
Don ' t pay any attention to what ' s going on in that lane, " he said, referring to Lazzaretti ' s lane, No.
You can just imagine the stares I got in checkout lane #2.
The roads were nearly impassable, the farm lanes worse.
Seven miles after the rural route became a single paved lane, and two miles beyond that, when the asphalt itself crumbled away leaving only the suggestion of pavement, they finally reached Cherry Lick.
The photos above compare the 100-micron counterpart of the dark clouds in Ophiuchus to an optical view The bright infrared streamers radiating away from the core of Ophiuchus correspond to the dark dust lanes that intrigued Barnard.
His brothers stopped talking to him, his teacher refused to have him in the class, the other children ran away when he walked down the lane, and he lived in happy silence for an entire year.
In the past two years they've offered temporary toll discounts for FasTrak users, added seven dedicated lanes at three bridges,
Always a chance, my lad, in the darkness, while fireworks and colored fountains play for the Queen's pleasure, to slip away with some fine country lass and teach her the oldest of Court dances, to clothe her in green clover and show her a wondrous rocket of my own. "
No one could believe that a slip of a lass like me could force a beachmaster of erudition such as yourself, a man with a history of violence, to do anything.
Good thing for me they don't know exactly what I 'm suggesting might be done with those wee lasses
Then I must surely be absent more oft, " he said, " if I be missed by such a bonny lass as yerself. "
She looked more like a beardless lad in a kirtle than a lass overripe for marriage.
and that all contexts are unique; that differences of tone, dialect and so on inevitably cause differences of meaning (lass would occur in a different dialect situation, etc.)
I would far rather she remain a common lass than be raised to the nobility and be miserable all her life!
But, lass, a touch of essence here or there will make a strong, grand man from a shy, bashful sort. "
s h o must seek election in November Under Califoi nia lass, a justice's name appears on the ballot with the question as to whether or not he shalt be retained in office He has no opponent, but if the vote is negative, the gosernor appoints a successor.
DICKON SHE 'S A LASS AND THA ART ' RIGHT, AS NEEDS A SPOT WHERE SHE CAN REST IN.
was a disaster at Nancy, and the richest prince in the West is a corpse, with an unmarried lass as his heiress.
He wondered if Gideon was experiencing a similar response to the lass, and just as soon as he could find the discipline to stop gawking at her, he'd look at his commander. "
a lass or group of pupils and their teacher function as a " community of enquiry " (Prentice, 1991)
The five choices (all $8) include one infused with lychee, another mixed with mango lassi and still another served up with a lemon wedge.
You were a bold lass,  Gideon commented. "
A suburban husband (Walter Matthau) decides that the grass is greener and the lass keener in the other fellow's backyard.
, hand-sized rock into his truck's rear window, taking out the remaining safety lass and the bullet hole in one dean swipe.
Hastily he put 50,000 on a quinella of Pilot Fish and Butterscotch Lass and fled back to the members ' room, gratefully to sip his brandy and soda.
For many a dashing lass in that pioneering wave, the A-line mini was a kind of manifesto at the feminist barricades.
I fear I dunna drink tea, lass. "
She took a swig of the lassi, finding it cool and tingly, feeling instantly better.
What would a wee dirty lass like you have told a marriage coun-selor? '
Now you have it, lass,  he agreed gruffly. "
Tell me, lass, did ye find him bonnie? "
But dalliance with a lovely lass Far surpasses these.
Lass was a tough-love disciplinarian during his tenure at the high school from 1955 to 1971, but devoted long hours to counseling and preparing students for college.
Just a simple fisher lass heading home, nothing more.
If you want to leave the lass here, though, I'll look after her myself, and... " " You misunderstand me, " Fiona said in a harsh voice.
A plump, lively lass: Mirina was her name.
Fit as a pippin she be, an ' that's all to the good, fer what awaits the lass. "
Not now, " said she, " the Lass hath been thro ' enough Hardshipthese past Days. "
house, a bag of tea, and one precious quadroon lass.
Not any lass his stoop-shouldered da cared to parade before him.
Duncan turned his eyes away, but the lass seized his hands and pressed them to her lips.
Lass retired in 1971 after 16 years as the school's principal.
Shame on ye, lass, " Rue muttered, but when her gaze met Megan's, there was
While I was just an impressionable little lass I'd rise to the bait of any little flattery flung me way.
SHEENA EASTON, Do You (EMI): Once a demure Scottish lass, Sheena Easton made her commercial mark last year singing about her privates.
You are free with oaths, lass.
He tried to get up, weaved, and sat back down " You're a sharp-tongued lass. "
And Ill have you know, lass, on a good night I can still give you the shagging of your life. "
When it was over, Ryan shook Guynemeyer's thin white hand, and returned the wipe to Wendy, saying " Lass, I never claimed to be the best. "
head of the New York Legal Aid office in the criminal courts, who has been defending indigents since he left Fordham University lass School in 1937. remembei s ease where a defendant misted nn SI anding trial (lest overwhelm ing case against him.
After a moment's silence he said, " Lass, he can not be buried in consecrated ground.
The young Indian lass meanwhile loves him openly, freely, with a love as pure and as wholesomely naive as this land of her birth is free of the evils of the civilized world from which he's come, as evidenced by his telltale pallor and embarrassing ignorance of wigwam etiquette.
I wouldn't have minded going home to have my da tell me he'd procured a fine and comely lass to be my bride. "
@@12424 Rod Garcia introduced us to the fantasy world of Markovy back in the August 2000 issue, and in the past years he has spun out half a dozen tales of brave knights, invisible lasses, death-dealing goddesses, and unusual romances.
was a wee lass only a few years out of the cradle then, but her brother Sir James was twenty-two and already the laird, and her brother Malcolm was almost twenty. "
the Editor: In a recent Op-Ed article, Abraham Lass, a retired high-school principal, recalled with fondness the school system he knew, a system that he says " rewarded me and my colleagues for what we knew,.
It's grand to see you, my lass, grand. "
Just before the Conroys leave, one guest sings a song called " The Lass of Aughrim.
laurie lantar lassi surinen yeni unotime ve ramar aldaron!
Poor lass,  he said, " she has nothing else since our second died.
But that's the very thing we have going for us, lass.
The society along the river is class-conscious, but the: lasses can not help knowing each other and entering into each other's lives.
If ever there was one who could turn a lass's head, he was one. "
He'd won every archery competition, each trial of strength, and turned the heads of all the lasses with his easy charm and fine, quick wit.
Even as a lass she'd never let folk get the better of her.
But the poor brave lass stays on, with Christ knows how many struggles, in hopes of preserving some representationfor Kindred, Followers, and loyal Travers.
Ye are the most stubborn lass I ever met. "
He recalled more than one occasion when the two of them had taken one lusty lass into the bed furs betwixt them.
There, a lass in Tahitian garb was to purchase the first double ticket with chances at
Aye, lass, that they are, by your definition.
The waiter popped back up with their pitcher of apricot lassi.
Just now it is nightfall, and a pretty, innocently mischievous girl (Barbara Lass) has arrived at the city's School of Geodetics, ready to enroll.
So confident she suspected there was something in the lassi.
How did you -- " " I 'm no fool, lass.
All Bell said was, " We'll start with sliver-leaf salad, carrot and cashew soup, and a pitcher of apricot lassi. "
It has been ' estimated that about 3.8 Million these workers now earn lass
p. 34 SLIP We'll find something we can spare (To Hesp) Beautiful lass.
When he noted the day's sunshine, his strictures had ended, but no sooner did he clap eyes on Sorcha and Sidony than he sighed and said, " I hope ye mean to be a good wife to Ardelve, lass. "
' If Mr. (Samuel) Clemens (Mark Twain) can not think of something better to tell our pure-minded lads and lasses, he ' d best stop writing for them, ' ' wrote Alcott.
Lolita is bobbing at a walking pace immediately behind the leader, a lanky ranger who keeps turning to her and kidding the cocky lass.
Particular portions of the film, such as dissecting frogs in biology class, mock marriages in a sex education e lass, a beer party, and the election of homecoming queen, produced raucous laughter.
In three years she played about 40 parts, everything from the Salvation Army lass in the Brecht-Weill musical " Happy End " to a young lover in " A Midsummer Night's Dream " to a decayed ancient in " The Idiots Karamazov, " a madcap burlesque by two bright and brash young playwrights, Albert Innaurato and Christopher Durang.
I'll no allow any other lass to be forced to face marriage to
of D'Ampton Manor feels free to daily with the lasses on Mercy Farm and to tease the Scots commoner visiting his fief.
Lasses started out as a jockey in Darlington, South Carolina in 1915, getting " five for ridin ', five for winnin '. "
The museum's two membership groups -- the Pacific Northwest Arts Council and the Contemporary Art Council -- had worked together with Pilchuck lass School executive director Marge Levy to organize the event, taking advantage of the presence in Seattle of the prestigious audience expected for Pilchuck's 25th-anniversary picnic the prior afternoon, as well as the distinguished artists, critics and art historians who occupied the stage.
Didn't you know how to swim, lass?
Fiona, lass, " Father MacCanney said in an exasperated voice, " he's not fit to be a groom! "
I am a lass,  said young Stewart. "
It was a song kin and child of many songs: A mother's voice rejoicing over a blessed cradle; a husbandman's rough cheer over a day's work done and well done; a virgin lass weaving dreams of love into the melody that springs unbidden to her lips
And some Abbotts, my lass, get strokes of good fortune.
I was trying to keep from being a wee dirty lass.
If the young laird fired that pistol, " Angus said, " he meant not to hit you, but only to frighten, else you would be dead now, lass.
In another life, he would have laughed aloud at the absurdity of the thin-shouldered seneschal even mentioning such things as manly needs and bare-bottomed lasses.
You are a good lass to turn the thought so merrily but Iwould that you were true-born.	17:21	0:88	 You are a good lass to turn the thought so merrily but Iwould that you were true-born .
U S Steel establishes an " energy lass force " to make recommendations on the most effective long-range power and fuel requirements of the company.
That young lass will make an excellent housewife one day! "
It was warm in the greenhouse, and his companion, Annie, a buxom country lass, had prevailed upon the good constable to bring a picnic hamper. "
But how did you get out of Bortis's trap, or cross that killing circle up there, or -- " " Just a minute, lass
And a dandy, and a Scots gent, no less, will be most welcome by the lasses.
Is this the lass I used to bounce on my knee?
At least such is the case of a tall Welsh lass named Gwyneth Jones.
We could make our fortunep120with one of these, lass -- if we could get it out of here.
He considered himself one of the poor, but even the boy knew that this young man's parents had paid his education at the law -- whereas the rest, lad and lass alike, were in the mill or at the works or on the docks at twelve or fourteen.
Ah, lass, you should have gotten me up sooner.
The woman, who had helped bring over three score wee bairns into the world, had instantly proclaimed Braden a bane to any lass foolish enough to give her heart over to one such as he.
and then hurrying out to the stables to see Angus, who still called me " lass, " and then to the kitchen to greet | Jenny, who now called me " milady. "
I 'm sure that Maxim knows enough about my life to catch the
Even if she's not in heat Maxim will come to her.
Of even greater long-term political significance, Article 6 listed as " abuses of press freedom " the following: " publication of maxims or doctrines that directly conspire
Such familiar software names as TheSky, MaxIm DL, and Astronomer's Control Panel are installed on his machines.
The condition of the navvies illustrated more strikingly than did the lives of any other industrial group at the time the large measure of truth in Owen's maxim.
Adams and Hamilton became public knowledge, Republicans nodded knowingly and quoted the maxim: " When thieves fall out, honest men come by their own. "
They act according to the Russian maxim: Oppose weakness, not strength.
Maxim Abdullaev hurls the question through the airwaves as if it were an ax, cleaving pretense.
with this sentence came the conflicting maxims, " It's never too late " and " Don't close the barn door after the horse has fled. "
Happily unflustered was the culprit: Senior Jessica Moore, 17, the straight-A student editor of Talon, who had simply picked Marx's maxim out of Bartlett's Familiar (but not everywhere
This maxim is important, because not only does financial planning include the cash resources required to support the required expenditure, but also the income to
Since I didn't think I'd get much mileage out of such phrases over a candlelight dinner for two at Maxim's or an avant-garde soiree on the Left Bank, I dropped out of " Conversational French " and into " The Stock Market and You " -a magnet for men, I felt sure.
Young Fraser was wholly innocent, at the time, of the darker implication of the project, and was promptly stationed at Turku, in the Karelian Isthmus.Young Fraser, like many in those days, believed what he had been told: that the Soviet Union must be stopped in her aggression against tiny Finland, a truth as apparent to him as the fact that Stalingrad had been named for Lenin.He and a young colleague, Truesdale, came to be posted on a low bluff, near the outermost ring of Turku, with an ancient Maxim gun from the Great War, seven crates of rusty ammunition, and a firing radius of 45 degrees.
If the bulk of the 20th century was defined by American military might, its last decade may be summed up by this maxim: " We are all Americans now, like it or not. "
Her father lived in vignettes and thought in maxims.
Perhaps the answer lies in an acceptance of the twin maxims that money has no nationality and that, as President Kennedy observed, the rising tide lifts all the boats.
Holst, on that occasion, lived up to his own maxim Always ask for advice, but never take it. '
Thomason described that fight in the third person: " Here and there a well-fought Maxim gun held its front until somebody-officer, non-com, or private-got a few men together and, crawling to left or right, gained a flank and silenced it.
, screw propeller, rifle, Maxim machine gun, internal combustion engine, tank, airplane, wireless radio, radar, ballistic missile, and nuclear weapon have exercised profound influences on the conduct of war.
// This maxim might be amended to fit more precisely the nuances of a technological age.
In a journalistic specialty known for apple polishing, he has made his way by following the old maxim that the best way for a reporter to look upon a politician is, as a misanthropic editor once said, " down. "
Engraved on the facade, just above the entrance, is a maxim: " Knowledge Is Power. "
' " At least we now know the things we thought were bad are really just as bad as we thought, " Melnick said An how later, at the Variety Club, a bar frequented by traveling actors, the members of the cast comforted themselves with Scotch and variations of the maxim that Philadelphia audiences are always wrong.
The maxim time is money had a double meaning: first, it was an injunction against idleness; second, it was a view of time as something methodical, a set of divisions into
Bill Clinton could do worse than to follow this maxim.
and prompt payment, should be an unfailing maxim in dealing with the poor.
GOLDFINGER 'S RUMPUS ROOM - DAY Four men (CHANCER, MAXIM, LAURENCE and BRAND) sit on an elevated platform as another man -- SOLO -- paces forward.
That maxim may hearten Ted Kennedy, 53, who is once again casting an
Maxim, " she said, " there's some property I want to see before we go home. "
As is seen onscreen while Maxim pans his camera.
Franklin's famous maxims reflect the same indulgent quality about women, particularly wives.
All this is, more or less, the story of a fellah who once lived in the Cairo slum of Attarine, is now at Chez Maxim's (where Bandleader Azzam himself hit the big time), and adores his girl " like tomato sauce " (salsa del pommodore in Azzam's pidgin Italian).
The republic is more than the form of our government plus a few rudimentary maxims and memories.
This Freud also took seriously, and he pronounced the idea in an italicized maxim in one of his earliest papers: " Hysterical patients suffer principally
In person Rodriguez looks more like a Maxim cover girl than a pugilist (she has dropped 10 lbs.
the mother and the daughter "), his maxims (" happily married women make the best lovers, " " power increases sexual desire, " " a man should lose his teeth while still young so that the loss doesn't interfere with his libido ").
An old maxim states: ' Take care of today and tomorrow will take care of itself. '
// The former Speaker, who has always said that " all politics is local, " reported that the maxim holds true in China.
Some days when Em ran up to the drawbridge and saw the kid instead of Deke in the old cane chair outside the gatehouse, reading Maxim or Popular Mechanics rather than The New York Times, she was startled to realize that Saturday had come around again.
(That's a maxim, isn't it?)
DANIEL STEIN New Year's Eve at Maxim's?
Lehmbruck's approach to sculpture corresponds to Mies's famous maxims that god dwells in the details and that architecture expresses the will of the epoch translated into space.
They call me a bombshell or a sexpot and they put me on the cover of Maxim.
// The FIX The old maxim is true: Having the right tool for the job makes all die difference.
The frequent demonstration of this truth has been formalized in the maxim, " The kingmaker can never be king. "
Maxim's, the world-renowned, gastronomic masterpiece on the city's tony Rue Royale
He compiled lists of rules for success as given by, among others, Ben Hecht and Bernard Baruch, from whom he copied the maxim, " A speculator is one who observes the future and acts before it occurs. "
// Bulk Replaces Brains Now, I submit that such warning signals have indeed appeared; that biological experimentation, at the height of success, is beginning to drift from the rigorous work maxim of its preceptors into habits that threaten to place bulk ahead of brains, and routine exercises ahead of thought.
if Russia is fulfilling her part of Maxim Litvinov's prediction to President Roosevelt that Russia would move toward the
Contrary to the nearly universal investment maxim that investors should diversify among a dozen or more stocks, Buffett is willing to limit himself to six or eight issues.
We also surveyed more than 100 readers of the men's magazine Maxim who were not reluctant to share their shiver spots.
Playwright Steve Tesich, 33, has attempted to use one man, Maxim Gorky, as the mirror of a homeland, Russia, undergoing radical social change.
to set down a few simple maxims of good manners to take the scowl and snarl out of automobile driving.
Gregory had a chef who had worked at Maxim's in Paris.
Not far away, well-heeled tourists tuck into French cuisine at Cardin's elegant new Maxim's de Pkin.
Kate turned to Dominique and said graciously, " Would you like to have dinner at Maxim's or? "
-- A daring Norwegian rescue saves more than 900 aboard the Soviet cruise liner Maxim Gorky.
This ' is an application of the familiar maxim in statutory construe-1 tion, inelusio unius, exclusio alterius the inclusion of one is/ the exclusion of others. "
such a person then tries to live not by the rule that anything worth doing is worth doing well, but by the maxim that only those things are worth doing
Under the general maxim ' ' art imitates life, ' ' this new caution is percolating into the screenplays, sitcoms, soap operas, and dramas now being
seems to follow Jack Kennedy's maxim that ' in politics, you don't have friends-only allies. '
Casting down the lists of Poor Richard's maxims, we find a fewless commonly known and much richer in humor and wisdom: " Old boys have their playthings as well as young ones; the difference is only the price. "
It is not difficult to produce an anthology of beautiful Hasidic tales and maxims on the subject of prayer, but to do this without reference to the system as a whole is to present a half-truth.
He recalled one of Wallet's mantras: There's no such thing as bad luck, then thought of another maxim. "
Although modern demands of newsworthiness may have vitiated the maxim de mortuis nil nisi bouum, certainly one who had a full life is entitled to a reflection of RS completeness.
Andr Breton's maxim " Beautiful as the chance encounter of a sewing machine and an umbrella on an operating table " is an expression of the belief that simply placing objects in an unexpected context reinvigorates their mysterious qualities.
I recalled my Nihilist uncle Maxim hanged by the Cossacks.
He was unpretentious, an ardent golfer, a corn- mon man who read little but western novels, uninformed one t currents of intellectual and artistic life, and given to copybook maxims: " Everybody ought to be happy every day.
He took her to Maxim's and then regretfully home, and Evgenia was asleep in bed when they got there.
EISENHOWER 'S POLITICAL RISE It was, in another maxim of the day, " time for a change, " and South Dakota's Sen. Karl Mundt had a simple formula for Republican victory: K, C2-Korea, communism, and corruption.
This belief in French as some innately persuasive and morally unique entity, as a receptacle made for spiritual goods, became a maxim for men of almost every political stripe.
In itself we must rate it as important that he made good the birthright of the house of York, independent as it was of the maxims of Parliament, or rather contradictory to them, and maintained the throne.
Russell's self-assessment scanted his lifelong passionate such as Whitehead and Wittgenstein; scientists such as Ein stein, Niels Bohr and Max Born; writers such as P. G. Wodehouse, Joseph Conrad, D. H. Lawrence, E. M. Forster, T. S. Eliot, Ezra Pound, George Bernard Shaw, Maxim Gorky and H. G. Wells; and political figures
And she measured his and others ' achievements by this maxim.
My teachewisely understood Gide's maxim for himself as Writer " The best means of learning to know oneself is seeking to understand others. "
He thereby followed the maxim of former President Kennedy that an adversary should be given an honorable way out of the controversy rather than driven to the wall.
@@286460 GORKY Book and Lyrics by STEVE TESICH Music by MEL MARVIN Imagine a somewhat insecure Bertolt Brecht writing a kind of Man of La Mancha about Maxim Gorky, the Russian Revolution and its after math.
As you know, " Jay continued, " it is an old maxim on Wall Street that the small
It will be soon, now that local editions of glossies from Maxim to Vogue are feeding the hunger for gadgets, new duds and fast cars -- social ammunition for middle-class lifestyles.
The wise dresser is he who appreciates the maxim that it is very expensive to buy cheap.
dining rooms The French-born chef, Patrick Pinon, who previously ran kitchens at La Recolte, the Garden City Hotel on Long Island, and Maxim ' s, clearly is capable of turning out splendid dishes to justify the $49 prix fixe; at the moment, however, he seems to be straining, trying to dazzle customers with handiwork rather than delight them with clean flavors.
A generation of college economics students learned that maxim from the classic textbook by Paul Samuelson.
The St. Louis native had picked up most of his boxing experience in the military service, where he fought exhibition bouts with Joe Louis and former lightheavyweight champion of the world, Joey Maxim.
wielded his favorite maxim: " It is easy to control a trained army but next to impossible to regulate a mob. "
convenience) in a thin essay by a thin Florentine whose maxims for the guidance of the maneuvering princes of Italian city-states helped bring on the world in which we live, a permanent social revolution fueled by economic dynamism.
If the maxim had previously been that railways only run on the level, the switchback system was now discovered, and it was maintained that the more hills and dales there were on the line, the better would it be for the economic running of the railway.
In fact, the whole culture of AA is oral, a tribal culture which gets passed on by means of stories and maxims.
His code name in his younger days was Maxim.
// This was not entirely a matter of modesty, for it is a maxim of umpiring that when an ump goes unnoticed, it means he has done his job well. "
nest, killing thirteen and capturing two Maxim guns.
The maxim was that when a married couple saw red, lawyers saw green.
Critics of two cultures have pronounced Kafka's novels both " pre-fascist " and " proto-Communist " Freudians have found in them classical symptoms of angst; theologians have seen a cold and brilliant statement of Kierkegaard's " either/or " maxim and Karl
At Re-Imagining, the audience was invited to supply its own names for God: divine ancestor, mother God, lover, alpha and omega, fire of love, she who is eternal, Sophia, earth mother, spirit woman, cosmic maxim, ninjan, womb of creation, prime mover, and yin and yang.
of the vicinity, next day Maxim and Jeff set off for the seaside under gray clouds.
Never have I seen a better illustration of St. Paul's maxim, " the greatest of these is love. "
She grew into the job, of course, and Nickie grew so obviously sturdy that the weight of her guardianship seemed scarcely more than a set of routine maxims (take your raincoat, wear your helmet, call me when you get there).
Maxim in his fine suit, driving his owner's fine carriage, could feel himself superior to any poor Irishman who had no fine suit, no fine carriage, and no master to provide him with either.
NARRATOR 'S VOICEIf you want a night-cap at Maxim's, it's too late -- it's been closed for hours.
There is a maxim in the industry that the courage of a network-affiliated station is shown in inverse ratio to the number of stations in the market.
Hard ard cases make bad law " is a sound legal maxim.
Then he'd gone straight downstairs to the watch commander's office and asked to be reassigned to the day watch, citing a multitude of personal and even health reasons, all of them lies.
as posited by the ' ' many worlds ' ' interpretation of quantum mechanics which Helou accepts - there can be a multitude of additional Big Bangs.
Therefore we have a multitude of issues to work out. "
But by now the others, the multitudes, have fallen hard for him.
He not only had a multitude of slaves but he never freed them, according to the Law.
Does not sound of music linger entrancingly on the ear, whether it is made by man or the multitude of the voices of nature?
the scientists who had drawn the plans and trained the astronauts; the artisans who had assembled the unbelievably complicated capsule and its rocket booster; the crews aboard recovery ships; the multitude of technicians who were to monitor and track his flight.
impacts of our continual exposure to a multitude of toxicants at low or trace doses is a hotly debated issue, " says Christian Daughton, Ph.D., chief of the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency's Environmental Chemistry Branch in Las Vegas.
The most diligent care must be taken to prevent such meetings of the multitude that may make use of pretence to begin insurrection or carry on designs to the interruption of the public peace '. '
That term planned economy covers a multitude of sins.
This captured God, He told the multitudes, would protect our eastern frontier.
Matthew and Joan moved forward with the rest, but the gate was too narrow to admit the multitude efficiently and soon they seemed to be standing dead still with hardly room to breathe.
We can't peer directly into it, because it's hidden from view by dust and a multitude of stars.
On the other hand, Trend Micro's suite does an excellent job of cramming a multitude of options into a well-structured and aesthetically pleasing interface.
In college he would wander aimlessly into a party on his way home from a late evening jog, unshaven, his hair plastered to his scalp with sweat, visible pit stains on his ratty NYU sweatshirt, and he'd leave an hour later with any one of the multitude of girls who practically climbed over each other to make themselves available to him.
We are multitudes in Pennsylvania mines, in Alaskan canneries.
The land surrounding the Kansas City International Airport for 100 square miles, encompassing a multitude of communities, counties and the two states, is zoned according to a master plan. "
But a multitude of specialty sites deliver shopping advice, reference databases, leisure-time ideas, and more-fast.
Men with long stout poles levered up one side of the stone while the striplings hauled on a multitude of ropes from the other side. "
There are a multitude of health-care cost containment initiatives here and across the country which are obviously having an important cumulative impact.
This method gave rise to a multitude of difficult technical problems, many of which have now been solved.
In Slow Train Coming, his first born-again album, Dylan seemed to anticipate that by publicly proclaiming his faith, he would be deserted by friends and lovers, yet he still seemed concerned about keeping the multitude.
Says Goldberg: " This kind of masking covers a multitude of sins. "
This city has also made the most of its maritime environment, with a multitude of beaches and fishing and sailing opportunities, and has begun addressing a long-standing harbour pollution problem.
The Spirit of the Lord came upon Jahaziel and God said through him, Do not be afraid nor dismayed because of this great multitude, for the battle is not yours, but
Biological research has uncovered a distressing multitude of such surprises.
And just as the tax is levied in a multitude of ways, it is paid variously as well.
I yearn for enormous skies, a multitude of mesas, for horizons I can walk to.
With the spinning wheel he carried as his symbol of the good and simple life he became a rallying force for Indian nationalism, crossing his country and pleading for a nonviolent struggle for self-rule, for a rejection of untouchability, and for the spread of hand-spinning that he thought would free multitudes of poverty and of a dependence on shoddy townmade goods.
Sebastian stroked his chin and briefly appraised the multitudes of exquisite shoes.
I like it, I like it, I like it, " said the ebullient pitcher, John (The Count) Montefusco, as he addressed the multitudes. "
This is an incredible story of a skilled perfumer -- it is France, these are Frenchmen, and there are a multitude of body odors to mask -- who kills
You are reminded ofthe plodding multitudes in the Bible.
This is how the act of drawing refuses the process of disappearances and proposes the simultaneity of a multitude of moments.
Thoughtfully he pocketed a Kalkaboo detonator, but that wouldn't prove anything; there were multitudes of them on sale in the Kalkaboo store
If, on the other hand, there is a multitude of ampules, you will recover them.
These and a multitude of other government agencies, academies, professional societies, foundations, and industrial associations make it their business to monitor, shape, and support engineering in America.
Included is his Russia, the Soul of the People, symbolic of Russia's historical spiritual quest, depicting the religious philosopher Vladimir Solovyov and Leo Tolstoy walking along the banks of the Volga among multitudes of Russian people of different epochs.
A multitude of Republicans themselves gained the mistaken impression that their Party's national ticket had abandoned many traditional Republican principles and leaned toward reactionary, extremist and racist fringes.
What he remembered at the last was a multitude of heads, nests and hives of faces he did not know, hovering over him, over Elena, intent on the two of them at love, as if witnessing the combat of insects locked in deadly embrace on the mud floor of the hut.
farther away than the television camera that watched the cheering multitude from above the floor of the hall.
Cities have a multitude of problems, but too little money is not one of them.
Administrative officials wield power, although not coercive power, and Parliamentary supervision, valuable though it is, can not constitute adequate guidance for its use or safeguard against its abuse in a multitude of individual cases. '
Then an odd following thought came to him: Saul of Tarsus was indeed a Titan, though but fourteen as yet, and the superstitious Greek -- who denounced all superstition as unworthy of an enlightened man -- seemed to glimpse the future when Saul would walk among men with authority and even with terror, hurling that voice of his into the face of multitudes.
Stars burned in the sky, an infinite multitude of tiny blue-white fires in a black and boundless dome, and sometimes when I looked up at them I would burst into tears and Aunt Sarah would hold me and caress my face and pray
Every day as they stepped across it they could be reminded and give thanks for their good fortune and God's multitude of fish in their sea.
However, the fact that resources are allocated from a multitude of agencies
' // The MPP ' s Mrs. Garrett credits the program ' s success to a multitude of factors, including a ' ' very conservative board of directors that views the houses as.
(Christ in the House of His Parents achieves an impression of startling accuracy by stripping away accreted historical flavor to get down to a multitude of sharp things, wood that is woody but not old, costumes which have sloughed the theatricality of Lorenzo and Isabella to become flavorless primitive like David's, neither Palestinian, medieval, nor contemporary but an unspecific amalgam.
Another dustup took place on the public beach, when a New York lawyer started reading the United States Constitution to a policeman and a multitude of cheering youths.
For one thing, assuming that most workers have not chosen to be exploited, his Deweyan picture of a liberal community composed of a multitude of voluntary associations united by common ends-in-view begins to appear either far-fetched or trivial, depending on what one wishes to mean by the adjective voluntary.
gold and silver spires, lay a multitude of buildings which, because of the distance, merged into a glimmering bluish mass.
(Why not, if he really fed the multitudes?)
Moses no more wanted the job of commander of multitudes than I did.
He who had dwelt in the shadow of treason all his life, who had hidden himself, when in great assemblies, for fear he would be noticed and treated with scorn, now honored by this multitude in the capital of Christendom in the age-old palace of the popes!
(One can understand that the philosopher, in his isolation, yields to the temptation to use his truth as a standard to be imposed upon human affairs; that is, to equate the transcendence inherent in philosophical truth with the altogether different kind of " transcendence " by which yardsticks and other standards of measurement are separated from the multitude of objects they are to measure, and one can equally
Violence can be construed as the " essence " of hockey only in the sense that it is the attraction for the multitude who do not appreciate.
Each Founder contains multitudes: Adams the sexist conservative and Adams the admiring consort of Abigail, Franklin the buoyant genius and Franklin the slave trader.
Amid the multitude of stars, there was one that coincided with a red stationary indicator.
He supplemented the family income with a multitude of odd jobs while keeping well up with his schoolwork and participating in a full schedule of boyish activities of which he was inevitably the spark plug?
Or for that matter, Christ's feeding the multitude with loaves and fishes? "
Topical sketches and a multitude of zany one-liners, performed by the most irreverent but relevant troupe on TV.
He had been everything from a mercenary to a smuggler, with a multitude of other shadowy careers in between.
He was becoming reconciled to the disturbing discovery of the human multitude.
Giving Edith the name of an elven princess " says for me more than a multitude of words
The impoverished multitudes blamed the actions of Wall Street brokers, bankers, big businessmen, and factory owners for their plight, so what could be more attractive than to see someone break into their posh apartments and crack their safes, or nick the diamond necklaces from the fat necks of their bloated wives?
What the public is offered in the name of Art is a multitude of objects and performances that differ significantly in quality and in kind.
The multitude of dials, gauges, and lighted graphs of the support machinery glowed green and orange.
They move while the houses and buildings stand still like a wall around the church; they move and reverberate within a vivid haze of faces and bodies and voices and sighs: the din of people chattering and enterprising-the colors of fresh paint and fading hues-the figures of shop-owners in front of their housesthe markets of fish fruit vegetables drinks medicine clothes and breadthe multitude of wanderers, of roving children with dark, luminous eyes, even of those who sit quietly as though they are dead-the fleeting drift of beating sandals and scattered bare feet: everything converges in his mind and becomes a blazing visage and sound to him, like an unfiltered reflection of something
He was, as Montgomery said of him, " a triton among a multitude of minnows in the Western world. "
In vain, as the prophet said, is salvation hoped for from the hills, and from the multitude of mountains.
disciples, distributed the food to the waiting multitude.
At best this is Whitmanesque largeness, the containing of multitudes.
4vvoyee) gre#0 And suddenly there was with the angel a multitude of the heavenly host, praising God and saying: Glory to God in the highest, and on earth peace, good will toward men.
Well, maybe it's not right to ask you this, Tierney, because doing a particular job well requires a narrownessof focus, I believe, but I wonder if you ever, in your off-duty life anyway, considered the multitude of interpretationsthat can be made of a single phenomenon? "
You know he fed multitudes with the meat of a few fish?
The multitude can, therefore, ever be led according to the content of the ideas suggested to it, as well to sublime and noble deeds as,
An old man, nearly eighty, covered with a tattered quilt, lay staring with glittering eyes at the roof beams as he waited for the end; a multitude of flies crawled about his mouth, which sagged open, for he was snoring, though awake.
He found himself numb of lip and soul as he stood with the multitude of hooded men before the altar in the greatest of the Courts: in the blue dimness of incense and
// IN RECENT YEARS, researchers have made a multitude of important discoveries about the scale and structure of the universe, the internal workings of the atom, and the evolution of life on Earth.
They have to shop in the same marketplace I do for the multitude of life's needs, and this vernacular play-money will never cover their expenses.
According to Bradford, they were bundled into the town center where they were made into " a spectacle and wonder to the multitude which came flocking on all sides to behold them. "
A neoclassical house such as Shadows on the Tesh, with its multitude of columns across the front, was a good place to start. "
And suddenly there was with the angel a multitude of the heavenly hosts praising God and saying -- (The CONGREGATION in a great burst of sound chant forth their praise.)
But the unremarkable vista here hides a multitude of archaeological treasures. "
Star bowlers cash in on a multitude of local and regional tournaments, maintain exhibition contracts with equipment makers, earn perhaps 8100 a week for affiliation with a top team, pick up endorsement money and perhaps win money on television contests -- one winner collected $22,500.
Nowadays, a multitude of expert system " shells " exist on the market, with prices ranging from hundreds of thousands of dollars down to several hundred dollars.
And when he and his father at last leave the school and go into the snow the multitude of flakes seems to have been releasedby his profanation.
What made the father be so preoccupied with his multitude of questions
The continuous, routine modelling of worlds of living, through various modes and in a multitude of domains, often is intended to change phenomena in ongoing ways.
As children, we appreciated especially the unsparing multitudes of other children in the 11.6inerstadt.
@@746115 It is fashionable to beat up on Ed schools these days, to accuse them of a multitude of sins, even to suggest that they should be " blown up. "
(1962:61) Baldry (1965:15) adds further detail: " Homer regularly assumes that there is a hereditary physical difference between nobles and the multitude, a natural division separating them
It is poor and it is ambitious, and it shares common problems with the multitude of new states which have sprung to life since 1959, If the visitor steams into Dakar, Senegal's modern capital, from the sea, his first sensation is surprise.
I remember one night -- a sleepless thundering Weather Channel night -- when I watched one of the multitude of documentaries produced in the last months.
Four-stomached animals, like cows and sheep, have a multitude of microbes in their rumen which can break down fiber.
The person who makes the journey with you, the analyst, assunics a multitude of identities: father, mother, lover, hus- hand, teacher -- even God. "
It has a honeycomb structure and may be regarded as a solid foam (see Table 6.3) with a multitude of pockets of carbon dioxide distributed uniformly through-out its bulk.
This apparatus was considered to be part of the Bell Telephone Labs scheme for the projection of television images on a large screen almost simultaneously with their reception.67 On February 11, 1929, Leon Nemirovsky of Paris applied for a patent for a secret transmission system using a rotating magnetic wheel with a multitude of recording and reproducing coils.68 Jean Thibaud presented an article on February 27, 1929, which showed the effect of the longitudinal magnetic current on a slow (lowvoltage) electron beam.
They are there for a reason; actually a multitude of reasons.
// From page 1 China, USSR grain In February, March, and April of this year, the specialist said, gold in world markets was selling in a " very narrow margin " of $230 to $250 an ounce.
In an instant, every ounce of cool air was sucked out and replaced with this blast of summer air - a hot, wet slap in the face.
A serving of meat is 3 ounces, about the size of a deck of cards.
That is, a shell that weighs 20 ounces or less, has thin fabric, and
I didn't have one ounce of fun there, " he said.
He was followed by Trisha at 2 pounds 91,9 ounces and 15 inches; Erin, 3 pounds 5 ounces and 161/2 inches; and finally Maureen, 3 pounds 9 ounces and 17 inches.
each), rinsed 8 ounces dried Asian wheat noodles (see " Four Types of Noodles, " at left) 3 tablespoons sesame seeds 1 teaspoon vegetable oil 1 tablespoon minced garlic cup rice vinegar 1/3 cup soy sauce 2 tablespoons sugar teaspoon cayenne 2 carrots (6 oz.
Because of redistricting, the Tenth District now has more registered Democrats than Republicans, and Peggy Heckler will need every ounce of her vigor to hold the constituency for the Republican Party.
Cucumber Sandwiches #8 thin slices white bread 1/2 cup mayonnaise, approximately #1 cucumber, about 6 ounces Salt to taste if desired Freshly ground pepper to taste.
PAM All Natural Olive Oil Cooking Spray 1 (13.8-ounce) can refrigerated pizza crust teaspoon ground cumin 1 cup black bean-and-corn salsa 1 cup (4 ounces) shredded sharp Cheddar CHEESE 1 cup diced cooked PILGRIM 'S PRIDE Boneless, Skinless Chicken Breasts 4 slices OSCAR MAYER Ready To Serve Bacon, diced red onion, thinly sliced and separated into rings cup diced seeded plum tomatoes 1 cup (4 ounces) shredded Mexican FOUR-CHEESE BLEND 2 small jalapeo peppers, sliced and seeded 1 ripe avocado 1 lime, halved Sour cream Chopped fresh cilantro 1.
Arthur Lawton laid claim to the then-new muskie world record with that fish, which he claimed weighed in at 69 pounds 15 ounces and measured 64.5 inches.
SIERRA DESIGNS ORION AST FINAL GRADE: 3.8 For a few extra ounces, this sturdy shelter will let you sleep comfortably in any weather.
If she had an ounce of strength they would not be put in the ranks of the despised and forgotten.
Unhappily the weight limits in the capsule were critical, and we dared not add another ounce.
Ingredients 4 ounces feta cheese 3 tablespoons honey 1/2 teaspoon salt 1/2 cup all-purpose flour, plus more as needed Olive oil or vegetable oil Directions In a large bowl, mash feta, honey and salt with a fork until well-combined.
With the announcement Crichton IV intended to make today, he knew he'd need every ounce of shielding.
To have some idea of what amount of duty you can be expected to pay, telephone your nearest customs department, or write for a customs duty brochure for the latest information to: Office of Information and Publications Bureau of Customs Treasury Department Washington, D.C. 20026 | MAINTENANCE A while back I received in the mail a book to review called Crinolines and Crimping Irons: Victorian Clothes, How They Were Cleaned and Cared For, by Christina Walkley and Vanda Foster, and looking through it I was struck by how far we have come from the days when one would pop into his local department store for an ounce of Dragon's Blood, a gram or two of Gregory Powder, or a vial of Black Draught Acid.
Gold managed to top $400 an ounce when Iraq invaded Kuwait in August 1990 and again when the United States and its allies started a land war in January 1991 to force Saddam Hussein's army out of Kuwait.
To this add 4 ounces of bay rum and 1 ounce of castile soap shavings.
Plain inner liners: You can also purchase simple bag liners made of flannel, cotton, breathable nylon, synthetics, and down costing anywhere from $5 to $100 and weighing three ounces to two pounds.
Corking the bat makes it lighter by one to two ounces and moves the center of gravity closer to the batter's hands for a quicker swing.
one ounce of Cheddar cheese furnishes about the same amount of calcium as do six ounces of milk.
I went round behind the shielding with him as I explained, so he could crack his helmet enough to get about eighteen ounces of water into him.
MAKES 8 SIDE-DISH SERVINGS DRESSING o small onion, peeled and cut in pieces cup vegetable juice, such as V-8 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar 1 tablespoon olive oil 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard teaspoon ground black pepper or to taste SALAD 1 cup frozen corn kernels 2 (15-ounce) cans black-eyed peas, rinsed and drained, or 1 cup dry-packaged black-eyes, cooked and drained 1 medium green bell pepper, cored, seeded and diced 2 ribs celery, diced 1 cup cubed ham (about 6 ounces) Make the dressing: Fit a food processor with a steel blade or use a blender.
consuming every last ounce of energy in her being.
THE BAD NEWS -- When it comes to prostate cancer, an ounce of prevention may lead to too much cure.
Make a hole in the middle, and put in two ounces of butter warmed in a pint of milk, a
INGREDIENTS: * 4 Granny Smith apples * 3/4 cup sugar * 5 ounces Roquefort (or other high-quality blue cheese) GASTRIQUE: * 3/4 cup champagne vinegar * 1 tablespoon cracked black pepper * 2 tablespoons butter, softened * Kosher salt INSTRUCTIONS: Slice apples in half lengthwise; remove seeds and tough center.
Now mix a solution of 1 ounce of borax or soda to every gallon of lukewarm water.
Prep time: 5 minutes Cooking time: 10 minutes 1 cup chopped onion 1 cup chopped bell pepper 1 small fennel bulb, remove stalks and leaves, chop bulb 8-ounce can diced tomatoes 8-ounce bottle clam juice 1 cup water pound uncooked, peeled, deveined medium-size shrimp, thawed if frozen pound cod or mild-flavored fish fillets, cubed 6 ounces bay scallops 1 teaspoon salt (optional) teaspoon hot-pepper sauce In 3-quart saucepan, combine onion, bell pepper, fennel, tomatoes, clam juice and water.
I have four ounces every morning, four ounces of vitamins, minerals, and certain trace elements not yet understood by science.
A General Accounting Office report released at the hearings claimed that only half the homeless are getting the 14 ounces of rice and the 5$ a day that the Vietnamese government should be doling out.
With the last ounce of his strength, and with a BELLOW of RAGE, his arm muscles bulging, he crushes down on the handle.
At the same time, four to six ounces of seafood daily will supply the protein needed by the average adult.
A month later, he told them to buy them back - at $475 an ounce.
Lack of subtlety was one of Earl's most appealing traits, and Rick had to use every ounce of restraint and concentration to keep his mind on the road.
Price Driven Down The banks first offered gold this morning at $43 an ounce.
Add 1 ounce (25 grams) of truffle peelings and sliced mushrooms or mushroom stems, and reduce the mixture by half.
Yet population radically declined in the course of only three years in the 1970s-one woman at a time, without an ounce of government involvement.
// It seemed especially fitting that Cigar, on the occasion of staking that claim, should deliver his greatest effort as a racehorse and the most desperate, dramatic performance of his life, one in which every ounce of him was tested through the final 200 yards.
MAKES 4 SERVINGS 8 ounces penne pasta 1 tablespoon salt 4 ounces Gorgonzola, crumbled 1/2 cup buttermilk 2 tablespoons flat-leaf parsley, chopped 1/4 teaspoon salt 1/4 coarsely ground pepper 2 cups fresh arugula leaves, washed, dried, and torn 2 tablespoons toasted pine nuts 1 Make the pasta: In a large pot over high heat, bring 4 quarts water to a boil.
He could entertain an outsider with stories and send him home smiling, without ever revealing an ounce of himself.
INGREDIENTS: * A little olive oil * 2 medium onions, cut in 1- inch chunks * 1/2 pound baby carrots * 1 tablespoon cumin seeds * 1 tablespoon mustard seeds * Salt to taste * 1 medium head of garlic * 6 medium tomatoes, not too ripe * 4 large red and/or yellow bell peppers * 1 cinnamon stick * 1 1/2 cups cooked chickpeas (or a 15- ounce can, rinsed and drained) * 3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice (possibly more) * Freshly ground black pepper to taste * Minced fresh parsley (optional) * Lemon wedges (optional) INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees.
halved and sliced 4 cloves garlic, minced 2 tablespoons chopped fresh rosemary 4 pounds beef brisket, trimmed of fat Salt and pepper to taste 6 ounces portobello mushrooms, thickly sliced, then cut in thirds 1 cup dried cranberries INSTRUCTIONS: Preheat oven to 300.
* Eight ounces of buttermilk (made from skim milk) provides about 90 calories and is a good source of protein, calcium, and vitamin B2 (riboflavin).
The baby girl was born last night at Lenox Hill Hospital, New York, weighing eight pounds, two ounces.
1/2 pound noodles 2 large ripe tomatoes 6 large black or green olives 2 ounces goat cheese, crumbled 2 tablespoons minced fresh sweet basil Salt and pepper to taste Heat the oil and the liquid from the artichokes and pimientos in a small skillet.
THE CAlf WAS found later the same day in front of 2732 N. Mozart St. A policeman testilled that a half-pint bottle of brandy with about one ounce of brandy left in it was found on the right scat of Salazar's car.
, at 9 ounces, noticeably heavier than even the largest competing products from Palm, it still fits easily in a pocket or purse.
1 (32-ounce) package frozen Southern-style hash browns 1 (16-ounce) container sour cream 2 cups (8 ounces) shredded Cheddar cheese 1 (10 - ounce) can cream of mushroom soup 1 small onion, finely chopped teaspoon pepper 2 cups crushed cornflakes cereal cup melted butter STIR together first 6 ingredients in a large bowl.
But Pilgrim didn't need an ounce of self-promotion when he had Harold Baxter, one of those classic salesmen who, in the words of a Philadelphia money manager, " could sell refrigerators to Eskimos. "
Bollinger Veal With Mustard Seed Preparation time: 10 minutes Cooking time: 20 minutes 14 ounces wild mushrooms, perhaps oyster mushrooms or chanterelles 5 tablespoons butter 1 small clove garlic, minced 1 cup creme fraiche 1 teaspoon whole mustard seeds 2 teaspoons whole-grain mustard Salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste 1 teaspoon lemon juice 1 tablespoon olive oil 16 to 18 ounces boneless veal, cut into medallions 3/4-inch thick 2 tablespoons chopped chives.
* One ounce of gold can be stretched into a thin
Every ounce of this crushing weight had to be lifted out by hand and gently poured down an exterior chute snaking down the facade of the church.
LOW POTENCY STRAINS, called " domestic " and " commercial Mexican " were said to have risen from $7 to $10 an ounce on the average in 1970 to $15 and
And there is not an ounce of rice, a traditional Far Eastern food, in his home.
Having surrendered his ideas to Moore, Wittgenstein felt denuded, without an ounce of fat to get him through this next long winter.
Per serving: 414 calories, 34 gm protein, 18 gm carbohydrates, 21 gm fat, 161 mg cholesterol, 11 gm saturated fat, 841 mg sodium VEAL FRICADELLES (Makes 4 patties, 2 servings) 12 ounces ground veal 1/2 onion, chopped fine 2 cloves garlic, chopped fine Salt and pepper to taste Combine ingredients thoroughly.
The risk to the wallet is dangerous enough; ounce for ounce, these upscale sporting clothes must rank among the most expensive quarry in the world.
Fast Pitch The Bibler Megamid (3 pounds 8 ounces, $178) took top honors in our fast-pitch contest.
Sensibly sized tasting portions of either 1 1/2 ounces or 3/4 ounce make it possible and affordable to compare several on a
COHN (Desperate) Not one ounce of cooperation from anyone around here.
Thirty-one ounces, says the same kitchen scale that assessed the Flaubert at twelve.
A prostitute's price was four ounces of salted beef.
Tessa turned away, using every ounce of determination to keep from laughing.
there were prisoners who would share their last ounce of jam purely out of generosity.
For every caffeinated beverage you drink, consume 8 ounces of water alongside it.
Edith said something to him, but he merely smiled and waved his hand and gulped another ounce of nirvana.
To keep the stomachs in your household healthy and happy, practise an ounce of prevention to keep food poisoning out from under your roof.
Sometimes at slipper he only ate | half an ounce.
Large and solidly built without being an ounce overweight, he topped six feet by about one inch, she estimated and she found pleasure in the way his wide shoulders narrowed into a lean waist and strong thighs.
Mix two ounces of salt, a jill %2 cup of claret, the juice of two lemons, and a pint of Madeira.
Chick Pea and Feta Salad DRESSING: 1 tablespoon canola oil 1 tablespoon tomato juice 2 teaspoons ketchup 2 teaspoons red wine vinegar Dash salt Dash Worcestershire sauce Dash Tabasco sauce SALAD: 1 15-ounce can chick peas (garbanzo beans), drained 1 medium tomato, chopped 2 ounces Feta cheese, crumbled 1/4 cup green onions, chopped 2 tablespoons fresh parsley, chopped Combine all dressing ingredients.
Vhen the patient begins to eat, it should be the smallest quantity of food, and of the simplest quality; say one ounce of coarse bread, and two ounces of fruit a-day for the first week; then two ounces of bread and four of fruit for another week; then three ounces of bread and six of fruit for a month.
1 pound pizza dough * 4 ounces Brie cheese, diced into 1/2-inch or smaller cubes 1/3 cup chopped walnuts 2 to 3 tablespoons honey Preheat the oven to 400 degrees.
such as ounces, grams, etc.) rather than in terms of accidental names of only local significance (such as dollars or francs).
As foreign dollar holdings) grew and the United States gold stock declined, it became necessary to end these deficits to keep the dollar " as good asl gold " and assure other nations that their dollar holdings could always be converted into gold at $35 an ounce.
Hysterical idiot, he thought to himself, without an ounce of compassion.
Thus, suppose A has stolen 100 ounces of gold from B.
This meant that customers were told by shopkeepers what they would get: in the Frankfort-on-Oder district in July, for instance, it was ten ounces of butter a week per head, but in Leipzig, only seven and a half ounces, and in Potsdam, only five ounces.
Six to eight servings 1 package (10 ounces) each: frozen sliced carrots, cauliflower, Brussels sprouts VI cup butter 1 tablespoon each: fresh lemon juice, minced onion, minced parsley I teaspoon chervil Sall, pepper to taste 1 cup cherry tomatoes Make a knife slit in top of each box of frozen vegetables.
Shredded cabbage cooked in little water has 33 milligrams of vitamin C for 3.5 ounces compared to 25 for wedges cooked in a large amount of water.
and accepts 18 ounces of paint, which the manufacturer estimates is enough to cover a typical 8 x 8-ft. wall on a single load.
When he kissed her goodnight it took every ounce of willpower to push him away.
Per serving (based on 4): 105 calories, 6 gm protein, 10 gm carbohydrates, 6 gm fat, 16 mg cholesterol, 4 gm saturated fat, 404 mg sodium Creamed Spinach With Wild Mushrooms (4 to 5 servings) 1/2 ounce dried wild mushrooms, preferably porcini or cepes 1/2 cup boiling water 2 tablespoons finely chopped onion 2 tablespoons butter 20 ounces defrosted frozen chopped spinach or 2 pounds fresh spinach, washed, stemmed and chopped 1/4 cup heavy (whipping) cream 1 egg yolk Salt and pepper to taste Soak the wild mushrooms in the
Every ounce of strength in his muscular six-foot-one body was needed to keep a steady hand on the trim tabs and the throt-tle levers and a firm left foot on the engine pedal controlling the pressure in the mighty twin turbos that sent the boat thundering over the water.
stature, five pounds nine ounces at birth and now just over twenty-seven pounds, as of her spring checkup.
But if you're willing to trade a few ounces for great performance and price, this is your tent.
This 700-fill-power down pullover weighs just 10 ounces and stuffs
Prep time: 3 minutes Cooking time: 10 minutes 2 small ready-to-bake pizza crusts (we used Boboli) 1 tablespoon olive oil 4 ounces goat cheese 4 ounces mozzarella cheese, shredded 2 Roma tomatoes, sliced thin 3 cups fresh baby spinach leaves, blanched or briefly cooked in microwave oven until wilted, drained 1 cup sliced ripe olives Fresh or dried oregano Heat oven to 450F.
This creature would have killed him without an ounce of remorse, but he couldn't even take one of its eyes in cold blood, not even if it would solve the mystery of Cassiodorus.
of a walnut and to weigh almost an ounce.
Recent discoveries include Las Cristinas in Venezuela, which could hold 4 million ounces of gold Moreover, says Fathi, " the Las Cristinas discovery could ultimately contain nearly twice as much gold as is currently estimated. "
He lifted the gray metal cup which still held two ounces of the best scotch he had ever tasted. "
However, Don Dickinson reversed the trend established by his teammates Sreenan and Apperson with their two straight losses with a convincing unanimous decision win in his title bout with Don Brown of the California Aggies at 147 pounds, 11 ounces.
Mock Bird's Nest Soup You need: 2 14 - ounce cans low-fat, low-salt chicken broth cup uncooked fine noodles (angel-hair pasta is ideal) 1/3 cup finely chopped raw chicken breast
Serves 4 Prep time: 15 minutes Cook time: 40 minutes 1 cups short-grain brown rice 1 cups (about 6 ounces) broccoli florets 1 medium carrot, peeled and grated 2 ounces (about 15) snow peas, sliced lengthwise head (4 ounces) savoy or napa cabbage, thinly sliced red bell pepper, thinly sliced yellow bell pepper, thinly sliced 2 scellions, white and green parts, thinly sliced 4 teaspoons freshly grated ginger cup rice wine vinegar cup low-sodium soy sauce 2 tablespoons dark brown sugar 3 tablespoons vegetable or canola oil 8 ounces boneless, skinless chicken breast, grilled and sliced, or 8 ounces flrm tofu, sliced into - 1nch strips and cooked (optional) To cook the rice: Bring 1 cups of water to a boil in a medium saucepan.
$950 for 8x43; $1,000 for 10x43; 800-423-3537; bushnell.com Zeiss Victory 32 T * FL Made in 8x32 and 10x32, this new glass is about as small and light (both models weigh 19 ounces) as is possible for a full-size binocular.
Three ounces of roasted venison contain 134 calories and 2.7 fat grams (1.1 grams saturated).
and even with all her loneliness, all her solitude, that was the last thing I expected, her crying in a way that made something inside me give way, and there's not another man with an ounce of heart in him who wouldn't have done what I did then: walk across the lawn and take her hand
Which may explain why Paramount paid more than $1 million for the rights to WINSTON GROOM 'S new book, Gump &; Co., despite the fact that Tom Hanks and Robert Zemeckis have expressed but wan interest in taking part in a Gump sequel.
Already hurrying to pare down the size of cars to meet federal regulations and stiff foreign competition, they can achieve substantial savings on production and tooling costs by establishing a global network of parts and assembly plants. "
While not as electric as Mr. Mukhamedov, they are part of the company ' s tradition of elegance and nobility.
should be part of a student's education (Lee 1967, 117, 121).
Sources in Tehran said that Iran actually had been bearing a large part of the development costs of
In several other parts of the world people are being denied their life, or stolen from their life to be sold.
In addition, the hurricane destroyed Alabama's pecan crop and knocked out electric power in the southwest part of the state for at least a week.
Bill asked, a part of him amused to find that another part of him stood aghast at the idea.
In the present study, the internal consistency of part A of the SYNCHROSKATE was calculated.
And what we're doing here now is a part of that, I suppose? '
The young Peer of Part I (rather monotonously played by Greg
And in the third part the offstage orchestra sections had had to be cut, for financial reasons.
For her part, Rhiannon comes back to find two old flames still stirred by the remnants of her youthful beauty.
The final area of Rainbow Lobby interest these days is Haiti, where it opposes the dictatorship of Gen. Prosper Avril (the group tends to pick issues of particular interest to black Americans, apparently as part of the National Alliance party's outreach effort).
She thought this was a peace offering like the necklace, another part of the " I 'm sorry " game.
The Americans do not think that man and woman have either the duty or the right to per -- form the same offices, but they show an equal regard for both their respective parts; and.
Dark Walnut on Red Gum Brush on and wipe off dark walnut wiping stain reduced equal parts with naphtha.
The part of this Barosaurus skeleton in the National Museum consists of the last ten cervical vertebrae with ribs; three anterior dorsals; left scapula and humerus.
She was tired of wastingher time with such people, she wanted only to return to Andrew'sstudy, to his desk, to the only valuable part of her life. "
The latter was apparently not kept, as Danish volunteers are said to have formed part of Harold's army.
Wayne: " Never before has a Vice President played such an important part in foreign policy. "
She said that the Twenty-third Psalm was the best part of the whole program and she was so proud of me she could hardly stand it.
For his part n a London demonstration in 961 he went unrepentantly to ail.
There was the reason the competition halted when the Arrow Catcher began work, and there was the reason the Arrow Catcher and the Indian were never a part of the competition and were never expected to be.
Yelling at me isn't usually part of it. "
I 'm part of that light, part of the whole sky, and it's all McDonald's, but part of something even bigger,
After examining the status of the Part 298 regulation, the firm advised Smith any change in Part 298 would probably be challenged in the courts.
BROWNIE There's one thing that bothers me and that's the part where everybody has a part but me.
It's part of Wilton Industries, which manufactures cake-decorating supplies.
Port Smith was rife with citizens ' committees, study groups, and action teams composed of people who had not taken part in civic affairs before.
At other times they float lazily near the surface, with just their nostrils, eyes, and the upper parts of their heads above the water.
He used to be part of a very high commune there, before it got squeezed out by the local Establishment.
We got us a saying in these parts: It's all good until the cow-pats hit the mechanical device for the rotary circulation of air.
There's one constant for her as a writer: " I think you need quiet and I think you need a little time, more than a little time, and it is very hard to find that time and find that distance, ' cause you also have to be part of life and experience it in order to write about.
Before then, after tobacco had become part of everyday custom in every part of the Western world, pipe tongs graced many a fashionable hearth and were considered utensils; but because they held a prominent position in the sitting room, they were usually finely made and nicely decorated, giving them a position midway between utensils and decorative ironwork.
The potential for expanding a project-oriented program such as AWACS to include a larger part of defense outlays is limited.
Another explorer who received scant recognition for his discoveries was Antonio de la Roche, the little-known London merchant who was first to sight land which might be regarded as part of Antarctica itself.
But all she could do now to retaliate was make sure that Hobson West kept its part of the appointment.
In my case, that was especially true since I had no steady income other than spotty profit from part ownership in a fishing boat and tiny disability pensions from the U.S. Army and the Boston PD, earned absorbing bits of enemy metal into my body during combat.
In the notes to its financial statements, American Agronomics said Chase Manhattan Ban agreed to defer part of a quarterly loan installment of $333,184 that was due Oct. 1 and an installment on another loan due Jan. 1 until last Friday.
I would focus on the negative parts when talking to the kids about the movie.
We can be sure that the psalms played a very important part in the vocal aspect, i.e., the singing, of the Jewish
In order to make this complex problem manageable it is necessary to break it down into its respective parts.
Building jewels in unexpected parts of London is the 37-year-old Ghanaian architect's stock in trade, making him one of the city's hottest stars in the field. "
He was doing his fervent best and delivering each line with a high semi-professional finish, but there was no denying that he looked all wrong in the part of Alan Squiers -- squat and partly bald and all but unable to see without his glasses, which he'd refused to wear on stage.
When a Washington, D.C., woman complained in the mid-1970s of retaliation by a supervisor after she refused to take part in an " after-hours affair, " a federal judge ruled that the 1964 Civil Rights Act, which bars sex discrimination, did not apply.
However, these publications can be viewed more positively as part of a programme for shaping and managing-the personal life.
Formerly middle-class women moving toward the edge of poverty constitute a substantial part of a growing minority dubbed the ' ' new poor. '
Harry doing the first of the Slime Creatures in Griffith Park when she read for him in bra and panties, he said to give him an idea of her figure, and she got the part.
Ever since that Robert White business up in El Salvador, they suspect all us diplomats of being flaming liberals, unless we're part of the inner circle.
He seemed to be wearing a green silk tunic, not too clean, and not long enough, for she could see the complex heap of his private parts in the very centre of her rosy bed.
around and moving away from the platform to other parts of the grounds.
On top of that, Mom hated any kind of talk about which parts of black people's bodies were good or bad, especially hair and skin.
If the injury was in a part of an arm or leg that could be dipped in water, it was dunked, then ice cubes were dropped into the water until the cycle of discomfort ended in numbness.
I'd no reason to trust the now dead southern magician, though, and I'd been avoiding asking Irys questions about the Zaltanas so I wouldn't get my hopes up about being a part of their family.
The part that was taken from the stone itself was hard to separate out at first, but after Melchior had run his finger along the outline of it I could see what it had been before he'd painted it.
to a younger generation of educators, that will be the time for the state to do its part by rewarding those who stood at the door of the schoolhouses statewide welcoming each and every child each day.
I thought her saying it was still part of the tale.
Even if the infant recovery survives, it may grow up deformed, with some parts of the economy performing far worse than others.
People who are helped by the poverty program will be permitted to take part in demonstrations after all.
One part aniline, three parts potassium hydroxide, and one part unknown poison yields one part phenylisocyanide, three parts potassium chloride, and three parts water.
A strange gink, the town thought before it got used to him and accepted him as part of its pattern along with the judge and the banker, the wet-pants half-wit, who swamped the Bar Star Saloon, and old Mrs. Jenkins, who yelled hymns while ankling to and from the post office where she never got any mail.
But Rusk now realizes that it is part of his job to be " an outside man. "
With the Sun magnificently aspected in the most horizon-expanding part of your chart, new ideas and situations are the key to changing your life.
Many of the U.S. weapons parts came from the surplus stocks of the Israeli and German militaries, he said.
It had forty feet of open deck, part of it shaded by a canvas awning.
At least some of these essential structural features, I suggest, are that it is a single system that is very unequal from one part to another and that it goes through this continuously uneven process of development in which the crises are as much a part?
Parts of it seemedp159to turn faster than other parts, little clusters of discs
She also glued on " dingly balls " (cotton swabs) as part of the design -- and for the cat to play with.
// For a nation to conduct such a war, military analysts stress, much would depend on its ability to organize an effective civil defense that would enable a large part of the population to continue to house and feed itself.
Every part is on some equality with every other part, an organization that is foreign to the come-and-go of rhythm.
The books in the study were part of the furnishings and Chris was unfamiliar with them.
Frost Knob is the closest thing there is to civilization in my part of the Appalachians.
A part of me could see that the lights continued to blaze as before, and when I looked at the wheel out of the corner of my eye, in a sidelong glance, I could confirm its continued bright adornment, yet when I looked at it more directly, I saw only an ominously huge, portentously dark Ferris turning ponderously against a black sky, as if it were one of the mill wheels of Heaven -- the one that relentlessly grinds out the flour of suffering and cruel misfortune.
I had dressed the part -- old trousers, a cap, and a sweater from which I had removed my college letter, McWhirter, who had supervised my preparations, and who had accompanied me to the wharf, had suggested that I omit my morning shave.
Schacht was convicted of violating federal law that forbids wearing a distinctive part of a military uniform in theatrical productions if the role " discredits " the military.
Such evasion had been a part of Roane's training from the start.
My situation in this revival of the Foundation's activities called for great tact on my part in dealing with Goff, for the Committee had acted without consulting him.
I have more to say about this in Chapter 18, but at least part of the problem is that, for all practical purposes, the threat is unprecedented.
for the act of dreaming is part of mankind's evolutionary heritage, so basic that it can be traced back 135 million years.
He deals with the parts of the uni verse and the whole of the universe, and he theorizes that things that look like separate parts of the universe emerge out of a pool, which he calls the common pool of information.
Since I don't, I apply a good thick coat of shellac (two parts shellac to one part denatured alcohol thinner) to all inside surfaces.
The idea was to try to re-create days and parts of the life of one of the forty-two men who have been at the center: what the President knew and when he knew it, what he heard, what he read, what he saw, what he said, what he
Moving downstream from camp, the three Scouts climbed part way up a steep ridge covered with pine, aspen and scrub oak.
Someone was asking him about Elvis, the 12-foot alligator which was then a part of the Miami Vice cast. "
The figures, however, did tell a dramatic story, revealing that the auto industry not only was producing more cars with fewer men, but Michigan was employing a smaller and smaller part of the total work force.
The posthumous advice from her father, that's the part doesn't make sense.
I did not like parts of it much, but other portions were really splendid.
We will make these techniques a larger part of the training of the National Guard of the various states and we will make them available to local police forces as well, " he said.
They were the least voguish part about her, limpid and trusting, rather like a blue-eyed dog's eyes.
That's the only part I happen to be familiar with.And anyway I am becoming a little uncomfortable.
The reappropriation of de ToCqueville is part of the text's larger design.
The old part was built on and from solid rock, being really a jutting out of a lime stone cliff which had stood high and dry before the water had been dammed up by the heavy timber cribs cutting across the original stream.
Hillbilly jokes were her least favorite part of the job.
I keep my eyes closed and turn toward him, stroking him softly, fingers skimming over his chest, his thighs, feathery touches light enough to wake up just the parts that matter.
A planer can be used to cut rebates to form a tongue on one part, a wobble saw or dado cutter will make the grooved part.
It will simply ensure that you spend the rest of your life as you have spent the first part it, existing on the margins of respectability and clinging by your fingertips to economic survival. "
They identified with their President and for the first time felt themselves part of the governing process.
Sometimes that knowledge seemed the worst part of my loss.
The bacteria not only detoxify the fish wastes but convert the ammonia in them to nitrites and nitrates, which are used to fertilize algae in another part of the pond.
Tucking her hair behind her ears, she squatted down next to her toddler -- who was now picking up our Cheerios one by one, too -- took a gander at me, sitting next to my ten-monthold, and said, " When are you due? "
He picks up a hickory nut and shows it to Kevin. "
Next day, as she picked her way through the brush, the morning wind wafted a slight fog of wood smoke toward her.
Except I might be able to pick the Big Dipper out of the mess. "
He yawns loudly and rubs his thick-featured, stubbly face as he watches me drape suits over a chair, continuing to pick out clothes for the office.
And, of course, they'd have to pick me. "
But if he's roaming around, Sergeant Hinchcomb could pick him up inside of an hour.
However, most picking is still done by hand, itinerant gangs moving from one district to another as the different crops ripen; Footnote | (4) it employs scientific aids, e.g. in pest control and scientific research; (5) it is increasingly coming under the control of farm corporations, which buy up large acreages and adapt big business methods to farming, e.g. they use much machinery, specialized labour and sub-contracting.
A man couldn't pick his family, but a captain could pick his crew -- and Pee Dee was somewhere in the middle.
They are sedimented as social practices in the sexual division of labor in agriculture; therefore it is considered women's work (aadivallu pannilu) to spread the manure on the fields in preparation, sow the seeds, weed, and pick cotton
You could pick on Christie for trying too hard, you could note the moment when Mr. Thorn said, " Fuck it, " took off his tuxedo jacket, and started doing body shots with the bridesmaids, but you didn't pick on the groom's looks.
I picked up my cards, and took a deep breath.
They picked seats near a mixed-sex group from some other workplace, away from bathrooms, drink pickup, and dart board, hoping to discourage drive-by sexual suggestions.
angry crowds, wheeling vehicles -- then suddenly it hits us again, from a different direction maybe, knocks our feet out from under us, she's down and hurt, skirt up around her waist, I pick her up, plunge forward ' through the driving spray, duck behind a car, then around a corner: safe!
Ben picked up the can of snuff and offered it to the man.
I picked up the roll of toilet paper and tore some off, and out of nervousness started playing with it as Miss Marion was steady talking -- mainly about how much money her mama had spent on her education and now she can't even find an acting job off-Broadway.
While the process of picking six alternates now is going on, the jury has already been sequestered, over the objections of the defense.
I picked out his face from the crowd of warriors around the king. "
The boy picked it up with a chirp of pleasure and ran after the gabbling passengers.
Never would have picked you for her niece. "
John picked me up that night as usual, and I was immediately suspicious by an unfamiliar odor in his car. "
When Clay opened the door to his room, he immediately saw Rupert, with his droopy red eyes, sitting in the corner between the bed and window picking his nose. "
picking out a toy is, ' ' Why am I choosing this toy? '
Picking up the telephone, he lectured for an hour through his luxuriant white beard to 500 rapt students at four Negro colleges in Louisiana and Mississippi.
Stephen glanced at her in surprise as he picked up his neckcloth. "
Pick a specific time to walk and stick to it.
Jimmy picked up his jacket and cardboard box and strolled across to the car.
Putting his cubeb with some difficulty in his pants pocket, Daniel Haws picked up the spy glasses from the sill and looked out into the pitch dark. "
would be located and picked up -- the gang that had robbed and dumped them had found them easily enough.
Where on earth do you pick up these curious expressions?
Keith " -- she gestured toward the kitchen, where ice was being picked -- " Keith was in Nevada on the same errand.
He disengages his arm and picks up one of the flowers.
He picks up a pair of binoculars and peers into the distance.
Harris has a Web site (blackboxvoting.com), and a site called Scoop in New Zealand -- similar to the Drudge Report -- has picked up on the controversy, as have countless Web logs.
Not the man who merely picked up a dish towel, but the guy who brought a woman his innermost core?
They picked up the stretchers again and splashed ashore.
* The E-Z Reacher and the Easy Gripper from Walt Nicke Co. are two tools that help you retrieve items and pick up garden debris without bending.
Did we not pick the easiest way back for just that reason?
Moving very carefully, even in the weak lunar gravity, he picked up the product of another evolution and bore it away to the shop dome.
But the Calpers-led protest could be picking up support.
They said fine, fine, which meant that they'd pick up the tab for the plane.
Caleb picked up the arrow and turned it over and over in his hands like a letter he'd read once, but whose meaning required a second scanning. "
PICK UP Chandler as he comes out, slams down the hood of his car, drives off.
She took atin marked EUCALYPTUS-AND-MENTHOL LOZENGES out of her bagand picked from it an anonymous cigarette which looked as though it had been home-rolled.
WAY TO PICKING UP OUR PAPERS the following Tuesday, Whitey told me that Sandy was worse; the doctor had been to see her.
You pick out the voice you want and just skip over the rest.
Warren picked up a silver box from the table by the bed.
Picking herself up shakily, she took out her rechargeable flashlight and examined her surroundings.
All those tells of millions of people, they didn't just happen to pick on Yankees.
So Garland had to carry the whiskey up the mountainnow to a den in the honeysuckles just below the circle and leave it there for Marion Sylder to pick up and haul to Knoxville.
This time the sheer stain was deep violet and the gold accent painting picked out accidental letters in the grain.
I had an hour before I could pick up the photographs, so I cleaned up the sketch of the watehouse layout and attached that to the report with a paper clip.
Overpeck picked up the story from that point: The next day he ran 25 laps at better than 185 mph with a top circuit of just over 1.88.
D25 Chambers Street Traffic) Jinny picks up and Reads Newspaper- NY Times Science Section - p. 49 49 " ' January 10,, Scientists postulate a single African Woman as the ancestor of all humankind! "
at the pieces, at the way their curves picked up the light.
She picked him up and carried him in to his bed and tried to make him comfortable.
Instead he picked his way carefully over the route the men had followed just after the explosion, stooping low and examining every spear of grass.
They succeeded in doing just this, and so when, around noontime, five Ethiopian helicopters whirled in again to pick up the 115 defenders left, these couldn't land.
While the Sapsuckers fumed in traffic, the home team had chosen back roads in north Jersey, logging three grassland species the Sapsuckers never picked up.
Filters in the ventilation stacks are supposed to pick up
Bertoldo came by, picked up the sheet with the half dozen drawings crowding each other on the paper. "
He was able to ride like the wind, then swoop down and pick up a turkey buried in the sand with just its | neck and head sticking up.
He hadn't noticed the boy's eyebrows coming together until he had hopped into the front seat that day, looked across, and said, " Hit's mighty fine to be picked up right when you're praying it'll happen.
I'll arrange for a caravan from Post One to stop by on Phobos and pick you up.
She puts the other end in her mouth, then picks up the matches and lights it.
Saturday all day he was fine and seemed to pick up strength, but late at night I was watching T.V.
About as long as it took to get out there and pick him up.
When I was 10 or 12, they told me that when I graduate from high school, I had to pick a free country and leave home, " she said. "
He was initially reported to have been picked up by the North Koreans, then to have been held in China.
CLAY APARTMENT DAY Mrs. Nolan looks at the books, picks one up, examines it.
I thought they'd pick it up from their mamma, like I did from mine, but LaNelle always worked so much, she just had time to cook, clean, transport, and fuss.
Chisel-like scrapers of various sizes and shapes can be made at the ends of these picking sticks.
Her husband picked up his coffee cup and dessert plate. "
George Clooney's conventional direction of his script for Confessions of a Dangerous Mind, the painfully shy Kaufman (who until last month's appearance on The Charlie Rose Show didn't show his face in the media) is going to write a new script, pick his own actors and ask a studio to let him direct it. "
A note lay on the pillow next to him, but he didn't pick it up.
I picked up the phone, dialed the front desk and got through to Tinco. "
May I pick it up, Mr. Bittner? "
His journal lay on the writing desk, and he picked it up thoughtfully, holding it in his hand. "
He said later that an informant had asked him to pick up Detective Richard Maline of the New York City police at a Miami motel and drive him to another motel.
In the army, you damn well pick up after yourself. "
He waits in the car when he comes to pick her up.
He's a great hand for recover: fumbles; last year against Cleveland he picked one up alateraled off to J.T.
(slides smoothly around the end of the bar, picks up his drink) Like Sir Laurence Oliver.
A few nights after the performance, he stopped by the restaurant to pick me up on his way home.
It was all I could do t ' avoid picking fights in public and keep up a good front for my family.
I picked it up from where she had dropped it, put the gun in it, said, " I'll give it to you at the door, " and moved, and she came.
That means they will pick up our tracks just below the summit.
Though he mentioned no names, he managed to comment on " one young trumpeter, recently picked up on the West Coast for possession of heroin. "
-- 103 -- Pearl picks up this second photo: Walker, around age 12, with his arm around the boy (then 8)
CHALK And what are you doing, Pick Up?
She went into her garden to pick its last late flowers to place beside me.
You and92me, we'll take a couple of rods, we'll row out in the middle of the Lake and talk.... " He said they'd pick me up at ten the morning of the Fourth.
Poetry, these days, includes video as well as text-something which would have delighted Will Shakespeare, I assure you-and has blended with drama so much that we distinguish the two by picking nits over length and symbolic content.
Perry was to plant a bright object ahead on their path; when Mrs. Parker stooped to pick it up, Pauline would strike her on the head. "
Mom sort of flipped out and Dad started picking us up from school every once in a while and taking us to lunch.
On impulse, she picked up her cell, called him, and he answered on the third ring. "
I wanted to leave him there to fend for himself, to pick my daughter up, take her to the dinghy, and row in over this false sea to our house.
He might have picked up a jock or two in Portland's Coliseum.
I steered him toward the main door again, but he bent down and picked up the mail and handed it to me; in our haste to prepare for the party, no one had been to the mail slot at the front lobby door all day; no one had picked up the mail.
He picked up extra cash playing guitar at some small clubs on the unincorporated outskirts of New Albany.
Later, the crime might get " solved, " pinned on the shooter by a snitch in a plea-out.
My eyes, adjusting to the very faint light emitted from the frame, showed that rocks had been pounded in about the large box to pin it in place.
I pinned Thalia down as I had pinned Charles, grasping her face with both hands, and where my fingers pressed her temples the skin was pouring into soft folds, spilling over her hair.
A tiny microphone was pinned to his blue shirt-collar. "
And then Christine's headlights had come on and someone had been pinned there, pinned like a bug on a white square of cardboard.
At one point, he pinned down a patrolman in the street with gunfire, police said.
The image filled her mind, the hair pinned carelessly on top of her head, orange tendrils hanging about the pale blur of the face.
lonely room at night, he held the lamp up to a bit of poetry that he had cut from a magazine and pinned to the looking-glass.
However, stripers will move into the surf if bait is pinned there, as do bluefish on an open bite, ignoring breaks and moving over into even the shallowest bars to gorge.
Some of the dust landed on my hands and tingled painfully, as magic started to work there too, but I couldn't run away screaming the way I wanted to; I just forced Bob to the ground, pinned his arm to his side, and kneeled on his
With the brute pinned in this fashion, you have only to place these large manacles upon his wrists and when I come down from the tree, we will be all set. '
On the couch, in the kitchen reckless by an open window, pinned in the front seat of the car on the way back from a concert
The new data on these stars have helped astronomers pin down just where these stars are in their evolution.
HE WOKE to silence, pinned in a shaft of light that fell into the dim basement from the open door.
She pinned him to the bed and looked very pretty as she loomed over him.
Delgetti is pinned against the desk, forced to wait.
When Penny, pinned off balance, repeats " Please, " the honest fear in her voice gives him an excuse to relent.
But Mr. Verrone is clearly intent on pinning down as much as possible now -- and on avoiding the kind of arrangements (like the one regarding home video) that many in Hollywood's creative world believe deprived them of rightful gains in the past. "
suggest that Engineer Tony Brownell should have notified supervisors before setting the back fire that blew up and pinned him and his crew beneath fire shelters.
Sit on a common cane-bottom chair, have blankets or a similar covering pinned around you, so as to leave your head free; place under the chair a tin vessel of water, over a spirit lamp.
But the man himself was impossible to pin down.
The document, which the old man realizes was to be pinned on his body, concludes, " The case is closed. "
Cousin James, carrying a baseball bat, pinned Jay to the floor but relaxed when he recognized the man he'd driven around the West Side months before. "
A French army general, pinning a medal on a one-armed Senegalese, is not my idea of a joke, nor is it Barthes's, for that matter, and he uses it to illustrate an act of attenuation wherein the subject has become an item in the " store of mythical signifiers. "
He cut a sapling and carved a spear point, long and white; confronting the wolf, he drove the raw white wood into its chest as it came up at him and fought to pin it to the ground and grind the pain out of it.
Though it would finally be left in this fashion -- pinned back from her face with carved pieces of bone
Olive Oyl joined in, helping to pin her down.
Pinned or crucified, it was all the same; in crime analysis as in everything these days, personal sense of achievement had been too unsubtly annihilated.
Thousands more had been pinned down in no-man's-lands between enemy lines, covered by body parts and the dying who cried out for water or their mothers.
When Ronald Reagan bestowed the Presidential Medal of Freedom on Sidney Hook, he pinned it on a Marxist.
She saw the enormous iceboat pinned at its dock, and a line of people stretched from the loading pier to a big Hamilton-classcutter, stacks smoking lightly, which rested on the ice, frozen in.
With one hand on my chest, he pinned me while he fumbled with his fly.
Once my sister Rosalie asked if she couldn't pin them up just for a little while, one wet fall when the mud and bramble burrs were caking and scratching.
@@735110 txt The claw hammer on the eyecatcluqg poster is poised to pull out the nails pinning the Greek flag to the wall.
The team could count itself lucky if the crowd exceeded 5,000, even on the days the hated Yankees came to town, led by the Yankee Clipper -- the name Arch McDonald pinned on Joe DiMaggio.
It was like trying to roll over in bed, only to have Helga of the SS pin his shoulders back, saying, You vill sleep on your back and you vill like it. '
Nailing down a personality is about as easy as pinning marmalade to a wall.
There is no other explanation; it is futile to try to pin governmental food decisions on a base of pure science.
To prosecute an employer, the Federal Government would have to prove that his refusal to hire a Negro was " willful " - often a tough matter to pin down in court.
He picked up a hutton that pictured a howhead whale, pinned it to his
Spearlike steel girders cascaded into the shattered trucks and cars, pinning people against the bank and the riverbed.
Now, in the late summer of 1829, the Macnabs with their dog Betsy and their thirty cows were pinned down
Dunn was in plainclothes, a gold and blue lieutenant's shield pinned to the breast pocket of his beautifully tailored, sand-colored whipcord suit.
But just over her ear, where Billie Holiday had pinned her gardenia, was a silver clip studded with pink and white rhinestones. "
A maid had | done up her stubborn curls, pinning them into a knot at the back of her neck.
Bursts happen about every day, but only rarely can the location of one be pinned down accurately enough to point a large telescope at it.
That may carry a little water in state court, where some of the alleged victims appear reluctant to pin the
(40-2) pinned Calvin Kliner, Mountain View, Sr. (33-12), 1:18; Heavyweights - Aaron Philips, Greeley West, Sr. (44-2) pinned David Muckel, Pueblo South, Jr.
Anyway, this office works directly for the Director of Central Intelligence, which has advantages, because we don't have a lot of bureaucratic hoops to jump through, and a big disadvantage, since there's nobody else to pin the screwups on, so it's a bit of a high-wire act.
Elisha confirms this, he says a fellow senses when his time has come & that is when they give away their valuables & pin their names to their shirts etc.
As Detroit's ghetto burned our President went on national television more to pin blame on poor old Governor Romney than to inspire or offer solutions, (Never saying, of course, that he had recently rejected a private proposal by New York's Governor Nelson Rockefeller to call a national conference on ghetto problems.)
Slippery muslim or gauze over warm flesh but cold hands prodded him, rolled him over, pinned against fabric, what the hell happened to the bed?
Every time he tried to pin the thought into position, to guide it into focus, it slipped away, eluding him.
That's what the French do when they pin a medal on you.
(Abraham pins the boy down and ties his wrists.)
He wears a ragged black jacket with a drooping rose pinned to the lapel.
The cars are so close to Talley that his own vehicle is pinned; he couldn't drive away now even if he wanted -- INT.
She wasn't a flapper or a hussy, she wasn't a meek little housewifey blob, she wasn't a schoolmarm or a virgin battle-ax -- but somehow a bit of all of them, which meant that you could never quite pin her down or predict what person she was going to be next.
That man must think we're going to pin a medal on him.
He set himself thereafter to abide by order also, and made himself a schedule that he pinned above the desk
@@361704 If I had to explain the bottomless public fascination with the story of the Titanic, I wouldn't pin it on the idea that the sunken ship represented a moral tale of hubris or of careless luxury but rather on the fact that it was both a magnificent and flawed piece of work, and that it became most interesting when it was lying out of reach underwater.
He was frustrated by not being able to pin it down.
The way we handle this stuff so recklessly, " he complains, " it's hard to pin anyone down or hold them liable. "
For reasons he couldn't altogether pin down, he still disliked Quantrill and always would.
The well-dressed and decorously glamorous woman with her twin rolls of blonde hair pinned high atop her head appeared first in my field of vision.
She was pinning it in place when her gaze in the mirror caught Lisa's. "
Keep your fuckin eyes pinned open and if I get killed cause a you, so help me I'll come back an haunt you till the day I die.
Other sources said the investigators plan to call witnesses who can pin down the date and details of the " hush money " payment to H, Howard Hunt on March 21, 1973, including a " mystery man " who helped the special prosecutor establish the date.
A door was opened, pinning her against the stone wall, and a voice said, " Get in, Mrs. Pollifax. "
she looked at the watch pinned to her blouse? "
We're pinned down,  Hunt said, " and they have the high ground.
FEW PERSONS close to labor pinned any hopes on any workable plan to emerge from the commisission.
Even as I pinned lieutenant Morris to the bottom of the gully, I could hear the drone turning and the barrels of its Catling guns beginning to spin.
He couldn't pin down a definite number, but he knew it was going to be a
To the pocket of his white turtleneck sweater was pinned a rectangular nameplate of the sort worn by soldiers: SINGER. "
Vietcong riflemen had pinned down the American units al1 most all day yesterday, crouch- ', ing in well-prepared bunkers and trenches and forcing the I First Division troops to attack.
Ulfra took out her watercolor board, to which several drawings were pinned. "
Officials decided that trying to pin down the precise cause of death for all victims would be impractical and pointless.
Kevin's mouth opened to explain why Jane most certainly could, but Mrs. Volker's sad eyes pinned his lips shut before he could speak.
There was a bowl of potpourrion the sideboard and a palm cross pinned to the mir?
Pinning down a Barthelme story is obviously a surrealistic experience - rather like trying to explain a Groucho Marx joke to someone who has never heard of Groucho Marx.
She was pinned, and when she tried to budge his weight, she couldn't.
Cissy had her diamond-studded arrow badge ready to pin on me, expecting I'd go through sorority rush and pledge Pi Phi, as she did.
She finished pinning the bouquet on Rosey's dress -- a thing of soft lightbluecloth, with lots of pleats in the
cardboard banner, plastic bags, rubber bands, hardplastic bands, molded plastic covers, glue, wires, string sewing the hair to the cardboard, a plastic tab imbedded in the heads and pinning them to the cardboard, and a rigid plastic manacle around the arms of one doll, giving her a posture with attitude.
Pin up two of the other X rays, the previous ones, taken of this area of the iliac bone after her cure.
We was pinned down near Da Nang, summer of ' 71.
Nor are reporters stalking convention halls trying to pin such labels as " right-wing ", " conservative " and " extreme " on the nearest unsuspecting delegates.
Now, honey, " she explained to me, " if you were walking downtown and you were run over by a truck and they took you to the hospital and they saw that your panties were all torn and ragged and your slip was pinned at the shoulder by a safety, you'd be so ashamed you'd have to die. "
The MST's measurement of Cepheids in the Virgo cluster was to be the opening salvo in an assault that would soon pin down this fundamental parameter of cosmology to within 10%, once and for all.
She can smell the white carnation that's pinned to his lapel, a scent that reminds her of the Easter Sunday corsages her father used to buy for her.
She brushed her hair quickly and pinned it, reached for a purse on the bureau, then left it there, putting her house keys in her pocket.
If he felt caged at the windowless school, his brothers would feel handcuffed, pinned down, thoroughly imprisoned.
Weingrass smashed his foot against the boy's elbow, and as the empty hand whipped out from under the cloth he stepped on it, pinning
We had had an extra fishing license made out in the name of Blanche DuBois (a fact Ribbo had not liked at all), and when we pinned it to Lenore's shirt, she climbed into the metaphor so quickly I wondered for a minute who the guides were here. "
Then Cole held my arms while Todd sat on me and kept me pinned to the ground with his weight.
104threeThe consulting neurologist pinned up the X rays again and searched for indentations that would look as if the skull had been pounded like copper with a tiny hammer.
Next to the phone, pinned to a cork message board with colored plastic drafting pins, are several photos of Read and Rose enjoying happier times.
Circular decals pinned to their waists announced them as Maxine, Victoria and Inez -- waitTHEELECTRIC COTILLION 29resses, not apparitions; their bare shoulders smelled of jasmine, and gorgeously colored plumes rose from their heads. "
INDUSTRIAL STREET - NIGHT 57 DEAD RECKONING RUMBLES along a dark street, plowing into a DERELICT CAR, knocking it aside and rolling it down a small embankment, pinning THREE DEAD THINGS beneath.
Gallic perfumers, who sniffed at the idea only two years ago, are now shipping their delicate fragrances in planes at the rate of 660 tons a year.
At once the plane became even more difficult to handle, and Close realised why he had left it so late. "
Kulwicki, the 1992 NASCAR Winston Cup series champion, died in a plane crash April 1.
It took the Schiffers fifteen minutes to persuade Mary to board the plane.
Meagher had only got to bed after checking the plane all evening, but he hurried to the airfield, to find that the " leak " was nothing but moisture, which the cold night air had caused to condense on the underside of the plane. "
really want to take off in your plane, if you know what I mean. "
Several key members of Congress said that the Administration's compromise proposal to sell Israel 20 more F-15 fighter planes -- to be delivered after completion of the current package -- was inadequate because Israel would probably get the planes anyway. "
along with fast patrol boats, HC-130H transport planes, reconnaissance aircraft and more than 130 helicopters.
They were met by the German woman and driven to the waiting plane, where West German Ambassador Peter Limbourg, 56, saw them off.
AIRLINE OFFICIALS contend they will fly almost anything that will fit into a plane -- except humans.
The bone surfaces indicate that movement was predominantly in a single plane, with the massive fingers moving inward toward the middle of the body.
He quickly slipped the card into the breast pocket of his shirt, deciding to wait until the plane was in flight to return it.
The representative of the United States Government speaks about seeds for rice with, increased yield which the United States will send to Vietnam, " Mr. Thuy said, " but even at this moment American troops and American planes are attacking our harvest, are now destroying the economic infrastructure of South Vietnam. "
We'll get a wire to Wilkinson on their next radio schedule to come over early and for him to call up and save me space on a plane to New York. '
In a delicate piece of aerial choreography that he had practiced dozens of times, Austin guided his plane under and slightly behind the tanker and slowed his speed.
Military planes passed and repassed, possibly taking photographs, but then flew away withouttrying to land.
Sometime before midnight on Sept. 11, he stole a single-engine plane from an airport north of Baltimore headed south to Washington, flew over the National Zoological Park and down to the Mall, probably using the Washington Monument as a beacon.
There are WHOOPS of joy all over the plane -- they did it.
She'd been a fool to take it with her onto the plane.
Von Hassel replied that he had such faith in the plane that he had no hesitation about allowing his only son to become a Starfighter pilot.
A Qantas spokesman said today that when the plane landed its fuel supply was ' fairly close to our operational requirement " for only 15 minutes more flight.
It is charged that he diverted to Cuba a Delta Airlines plane scheduled from Dallas to Charleston, S.C.
At its closest point, the plane was about 200 to 300 feet in front of the helicopter and about 150 feet lower -- within the distance classified as a near-
If he was careful he might get a look at the instrument panel and possibly tell what course the plane was on.
CSaudi Arabia has not requested that the plane be outfitted with multiple ejection racks, which would allow the plane to carry a substantial bomb load.
When the stewardess folded down the tray tables in front of us to serve dinner on the plane back to New York, Henny tucked his napkin under his chin, looked back at the day so far, and sang, to the tune of  Three Blind Mice, " " Three free meals!
They were still at the gate, still waiting for the plane to head out toward the runway.
She was a woman I met on a plane from Kansas City to Minneapolis, and whom in the space of an afternoon, a dinner, and
A low-angle plane is best for work directly across the grain, but an ordinary smoothing plane can be used.
Scranton often prowled the plane, ignoring the FASTEN SEAT BELTS sign, to chat with reporters.
All were killed, their bodies crushed against one another in the front of the plane.
Then, armed with facts, the population need only use its untapped brain power to usher in " a higher plane of civilization " that would make classical Greece or the Renaissance look like cultural wastelands by comparison. "
Foursome in a pool In Los Angeles County a telephone company executive formed a " plane pool " that flies four men from Claremont ' - to Santa Monica every day.
His wheat-colored hair seemed to glow in the night and the planes of his face...
U.S. soldiers who surveyed the scene say the blast was probably caused by explosives stored inside the building, but locals in Fallujah, a hotbed of anti-American militancy, are accusing the U.S. of bombing the mosque by helicopter or plane. "
But La Guardia was shut down until 10:26 P. M., when the first plane took off.
But now B-1 opponents have a new complaint: they claim the plane will soon be outdated by the Stealth bomber, with its new radar-evading technology and design, due to become operational in the early 1990s.
I've got to catch the last plane back and it leaves before eleven. "
Robert J. McCloskey, State Department press officer, said 38 possible Americans, including crew members of the hijacked plane?
The planes were inspected and sent aloft again five weeks later.
Figure PLANERS The electrical counterparts of hand planes use rotary cutters: broad chisel-edged blades mounted on a strong cylinder strike the wood with a slicing action (Fig.
I pray anyplace -- in a cab, on a plane or in the barn with the cats.
Instead, I ordered more coffee and looked again at the cable that had come with my plane ticket.
The Grumman most likely had not yet been reportedoverdue, its flying time was probably longer than a commercial plane's.
4,600 jobs while mothballing five Boeing planes worth $1.5 billion.
A World Airways DC10 skidded off the end of a slick runway and the front section of the plane broke off, falling
Blasting the dissident stockholders ' committee as a bunch of " raiders, " President Joel Hunter caught a plane for California.
Rudge and Dennis enter from the back of the plane.
And on the plane that left for Boston at the same time as the flight to L.A., Jessica and Val barely spoke, and Mel looked out the window seeing nothing there except a vision
TAIL Luke eagerly aims his guns down at the approaching plane.
Explaining the difficulties in arranging for a getaway plane, he shouted: " We couldn't contact the Arab Foreign
There was an exhilaration to flying airplanes in those days: their slow speed and light wing-loadings allowed short turns, sharp dives, and quick pull-outs that are impossible in faster planes.
Jeffrey drops the bomb that he is not going with her and tells her to board the plane.
Besides, the two downed planes were in sight, or rather one downed plane and one downed pilot.
Mary Kay had gone to Cleveland with plane tickets to four cities in her purse for business trips, because she had thought that, whatever it was, it could be cured quickly.
It will provide an elaborate system of vents to allow relief of air pressure in either upper or lower compartments of a plane if a hole is suddenly opened in the fuselage because of a door loss, a bomb blast or other mishap.
Then Mr. Chandler ' s words rang in our ears - ' ' excellent seats, outside seats on the plane from Paris to London. '
Even his fiery escape in the plane, under the out-of-joint nose of the Communist Party's First Secretary, first-rate though the sequence is, does not prepare one for the marvels that follow.
The President's plane landed at Goose Bay at 9:03 p. m.
@@283190 The two burly men in the first-class cabin of the Air Algrie 727 appeared distinctly relieved as the plane settled down at Paris ' Orly Airport and a large Citron drove up on the tarmac, followed by another car full of police.
Troy turned it to the right, and the plane turned to the right, just
They had been making good progress, in spite of their greenness; next day Mr. Fulton was planning to stretch the silk over the planes; it had already been given a preliminary coat of a kind of flexible varnish which was also a part of Mr. Fulton's invention.
In the meantime, most of the troops and 25% of the supplies flying to Saudi Arabia are traveling on wide- body planes leased from commercial airlines.
Reduction is only needed in patients near skeletal maturity whose fracture has more than 50-70 degrees of angulation in either the sagittal or coronal plane (Rab &; Grottkau, 2001).
CHIEF OF STAFF -- And his plane lands in two hours.
Batton ran the plane to the end of the runway and then wheeled it around to the tie-downs. "
So when we got off the plane, I asked when he was going to introduce me to his friend, and he laughed	25:30	0:103	 So when we got off the plane , I asked when he was going to introduce me to his friend , and he laughed
to provide a contrast to the open planes of Christ's nude torso.
It was going to be wonderful to see her again, and suddenly it was all he could think of as the small plane landed on the narrow airstrip, and he hastened off | the plane behind Mark, who was practically jet propelled, out the door, and down the rickety metal stairway, and then he came to ' a screeching halt in front of Val, not sure whether to shake hands or kiss her or just say hi.
As we were arriving at Kai Tak Airport to meet our Pan Am Clipper Westwind, I saw the TIA plane with all 376 (minus two) passengers taxiing down the runway for the trip back to New York.
The Himalayan flight was touchy because no large plane like the Queen's BOAC Britannia had ever skimmed Mt.
On Oct. 31, their suspicions were raised further when an SR-71 Blackbird reconnaissance plane photographed military equipment that is commonly used by the Nicaraguans being unloaded from other Soviet ships in the Cuban port of Mariel.
At least five American-piloted spotter planes fly over Angola.
ing.in deciding to recall its ambassador from Amman, close its borders and ban flights of Jordanian planes over Iraq.
Rick hatter-man, Carla's 17-year-old boyfriend, had heard on the radio in Portland that Carla's plane was missing.
Murchison would be missing from his ' plane's passenger list.
There was a possibility that communist officials were slow in releasing information on the plane.
The senior command, not catching onto the ruse, insisted the plane could be repaired and radioed it was dispatching a repair crew to Khe Sanh.
But the Vindicator crew, Grady thought proudly, still exercisesjudgment, the plane still responds to our hands.
Syria has 404,000 troops, 558 combat planes and 4,000 tanks.
Everybody must talk about it for months, charter yachts, planes and limousines, book hairdressers, order new ball gowns, do and dare anything just to be there.
This meant: a fast tour of the Merchandise Mart; phone calls ad lib; lunch at his friend Eli Schulman's steak house with Bob Dachman, executive director of the Little City Foundation, a charity Henny sponsors, which helps blind and retarded children; a visit to Eli himself, who was laid up in the hospital recuperating from an operation; a fast tour of Chicago; a bus to the airport; a plane back to New York; dinner with some friends.
She had stood by my side at Tampa airport when the plane went down.
They put him on a plane to Floyd Bennett Field in Brooklyn, and the plane landed in the sun and there was a good saltwater breeze.
Over the next several years, he said, the Coast Guard will get S60 more people, two new 270-foot vessels and al twin-engine planes.
She'd insisted on ironing his linen suit herself, placing one of her monogrammed handkerchiefs between the searing hot iron and the material, because she didn't want him looking rumpled on the plane, and she said the maid always ended up leaving scorch marks on his father's clothes.
His mind began racing.... Only when the cargo ramp was finally raised and the transport plane made ready to be towed back to its hangar did Kazakov finally turn toward the three government vehicles behind him, which had also remained.
At least I've got a window seat on the left side of the plane, which, according to the flight attendant, should help me get a quick peek at Pearl Harbor right before we land and maybe even Diamond Head after we take off again.
And the Stanley label no longer dominates the displays of socket wrenches, screwdrivers, adjustable squeeze-handle pliers, levels, wood planes, counter punches, chisels, and bolt cutters.
They also announced that their plane will go into regular passenger service in October.
Men are feverishly working on the plane, getting it ready, loading the bombs, checking every detail again and again.
Where you or I would read or have a couple of drinks on a plane, " observes Allan Kalmus, the entertainer's longtime New York agent, " Hope snoozes for four or five hours. "
The right wing slammed down and the plane rolled inverted again. "
Many travelers know Jamaica Bay as the last body of water their plane skims over before landing on a runway.
KIDI 'm not dumb enough to think I can fly a plane after readin ' one lousy book.
With the plane, researchers are able to range far and wide in search of storms.
If you try to take off too much with each cut, the plane will jump and the surface will be poor.
It is improbable that all these efforts will achieve much so long as dozens of planes leave Kennedy Airport most days with large
The plane's four Allison turboprop engines were recovered from the water, shipped to General Motors ' Allison division in Indianapolis.
Our planes in the Berlin air corridor were buzzed; the autobahns were blocked.
In " Bogey Plaza, ' the crew lounge, Tian Jiang, a world-class pianist performing on board, was playing pingpong with a German pastry chef, thoroughly ignored by the chess players at surrounding tables.
Marcus was Sweden's tennis champion in the 1920s and is still an expert player; he also excels at pingpong.
Seven players who could go the same route: * Carlos Delgado, Toronto Blue Jays.
HEATHER (CONT 'D) (to Card Player) This is your best card?
Only nine players came out for the team last year, and none was named McDuffy. "
To a young football player who wants to buy a car: "
And here's the real kicker: Because the key players are federally insured banks, every taxpayer in the country is on the line.
Series, the League Championship and the World Series must be canceled and that the Clubs will explore all avenues to achieve a meaningful, structural reform of Baseball's player compensation system in an effort to ensure that the 1995 and future Championship Seasons can occur as scheduled and uninterrupted.
Christine was standing with two other little girls in front of the " pavilion, " the rather grandly named shack which served as both a dressing room for the players and a snack bar for the spectators.
There was no tape in the tape player, and nothing in the mini-fridge but splits of Moet.
Ace the Arcade A just-released study confirms one of your worst fears: Violent video games -- the kind where the player tries to kill enemies that pop out of nowhere -- are excellent at improving your kid's visual attention skills.
// " I ' m not much of a rah-rah player, " Tommy Herr says. "
Now the players had vanished, their existence shattered by the simple fact of his presence.
When I 'm swinging well, I can hold my own against most players who wouldn't be considered short.
Hersh said in an interview that Ben-Menashe was in sigint, that he was a " key player, " and that " the Israelis want to hurt him bad " for his leaks of high-level classified information.
He always showed a decent touch while playing with skilled players with the Avs, often on a line with Joe Sakic, and now he is productive again. '
Players collide, and the ball goes rolling, unmolested.
But there's certainly a disfiguration in the symmetry of a player's career numbers based on this. "
He slopped around in big T-shirts and oversized jeans, alternately grimacing and grinning at the music earphoned into his head from an improbably tiny device, an iPod or an M player.
The only player who truly understands this kind of cartoon is not the blond, bland star but Severn Darden, a refugee from Chicago's improvisational Second City troupe.
The leads (Nick Nolte and JoBeth Williams) and a raft of good supporting players are simply set adrift, looking for a logical line to which their bedraggled characters might cling.
Players needed The Texas Pride Baseball Academy is now registering players for its 16-and-under and 18-and-under winter select baseball teams.
CENTRAL Pittsburgh (12-4, first) THE GOOD: It doesn't get any better than Rod Woodson at cornerback, the best defensive player and the best special-teams player in the league.
The breakdown: 23 as a manager (19 with Phillies), 17 as a player and six as a coach.
Sox have given their center field berth to Ken Berry, a real slick defensive player.
Other players say that the sickle stick helps them to scoop the puck off the boards and, by cradling it inside the curve, shield it from the goalie's vision.
tournament at Germiston, when both Sewgolum and South Africa's U.S. Open Champion Gary Player drew heavy galleries of whites and nonwhites.
You ought to send that stuff direct, " the card player said. "
As two players tried to push him out of bounds on the Alabama 40-yd.
It is tough to judge the relationships between owners and players.
The players ' contracts have to be done in a sound financial way.
Tennis, a workingman's game in Australia, has inthe neighborhood of 300,000 registered tournament players and another 550,000 unregistered players?
But Florida State's players still hear from their head coach frequently.
You have to rationalize its commitment to the warrior values that, nostalgized and bastardized, would help make Japan such a cruel and dangerous player on the world stage less than a century later.
Buck " Jackson, the junior varsity football player.
Yet few players are willing to take, or work on, that mid-range jumper. "
Do any of these players - gone or soon to be free from local contracts - have a future with Fox? '
While the tennis players brought the social cachet of their sport, the real mission was assigned to the executives, among them traders in oil, liquor, commodities, hotels and communications satellites.
For purposes of player movement, the definition of a premier player has been tightly defined and excludes players with 12 years or more of service, those over 35 and any player who has been a free agent before.
She introduced her bass player in a breathy voice as a man who had the biggest instrument she'd ever seen.
He longed for it the way little boys and girls long to be first picks for kickball teams, rather than among the last few players neither side's captain
According to one of the rumors with which the players around the league liked to tease and taunt the Mundys, the office was tended only by an old woolly-haired janitor who came in to raise and lower the blackout shade each day, and to forward whatever mail had accumulated on to the exotic cities of Latin America, where the Mundy brothers were said to be recuperating from the hard winter of negotiation that had landed their ball club on the road. "
Pedroia may be small, but his stature helps make him one of the brightest young players in the game.
is a worthy followup to 1992's " Short Fuse Blues, " which broke Hole stateside with a rave review in Guitar Player magazine.
If you've previously installed the Nomad Zen software on your PC, Plug and Play should detect the presence and status of the player.
Even as the Giants sagged in 1994 and ' 95, and attendance waned again in the wake of the players
whose good relationship with FIBA led to the introduction of NBA players to the Olympics in 1992. "
The scavengers arrive on college campuses like clockwork, in search of books, DVD players, barely worn clothes, lamps, couches and anything else that departing students didn't bother to take home.
He is an excellent soccer player, too. "
With no time to question, he hurries to reprogram the CD player.
And I think he scares a lot of players when they ' re coming into this town.
On a couple of occasions he arranged for an 18-year-old Negro high-school player from Brooklyn to go out with white dates and thus land in Molinas's hip pocket for an entire college career.
The ' group ' practices, typically employed by Nationwide League coaches often contained generic mistakes, affecting all players, resulting in coaching to the group.
Players will not be able to reach this fairway into a 15-to 20-mile-an-hour wind, " says Micheel. "
Bowden has used that extra money to sign a slew of low-cost players in hopes of boosting the franchise's depth.
Frankly, he thought chess players were rather stupid.
We specified a Sedona EX, the better-equipped model of the line, with the optional equipment that most Sedona buyers will choose: power sliding side doors and rear hatch, as well as the rear-seat, headliner-mounted DVD player with two headphones-an essential
We lose great players every year, " says senior captain Chad Mazurak, a defenseman. "
AIN THE NIGHT following a decision tyPudge Eidson to increase her support prityine, nts to $5,000 a month, Mrs. Davis ah,, d ", her then roommate, Stan Farr, 30, ay0loot-I0 former basketball player, retinted home after dining out and discovered that the elaborate burglar system inlhe house had been switched off.
He hits, he's our key defensive player, he's our most dangerous player on the power play, and no other big guy can skate as fast as he can.
I heard he was studying, " said one player. "
Some players say more than 80 percent of linemen were taking steroids in the early to mid-1980s, when steroids were not a banned substance.
I 'm not one of the players, " said the Chief, who is 74.
-- Benzoylecgnonine, a cocaine byproduct, was found in urine samples from the body of Texas-El Paso basketball player Hernell " Jeep " Jackson. "
Kendall is a hard-nosed player who takes a lot of pride in his defense.
Monday's picks to click Philadelphia: WR Michael Timpson Dallas: TE Eric Bjornson Not so sure hands Players who fumbled on the highest percentage of touches last year, minimum of 100 touches (touches include rush attempts
The Player has his own which he carries with him in a fat wallet on his belt.
// That a player long considered a loner and something of an outcast has such devoted friends was but one of the revelations to come out of this Masters.
I sneaked out of school during morning milk break, bought the record, and broke into matron's room because she had a record player.
Other role players include Nakesha Antalan, a 5-0 senior, at point guard and Ewune Ewane, a 5-9 senior, at forward/post.
We think DVD will ramp up more quickly, " says Briesch, who predicts 10 million players sold by decade's end.
She maintains a whippet-thin body (thanks to regular running, even when she's facing 18 hours on a set) and pals around with industry players such as her agent Elaine Goldsmith-Thomas, who gets Roberts $12 million a picture.
He was the most popular baseball player in the country at age twenty-three, with that good face, with his blond hair and blue eyes.
UTAH Player of the year: Ben Melmeth, 6-10, Judge Memorial.
Jackson is who he is: no messiah, no S-person, certainly no saint, no great organizer or theoretician or team player.
The signature hole is the sixth, a downhill par three stretching to 206 yards from the tips but playing around 155 for most players.
Gant may be one of the National League's three best outfielders, and he has a chance this year to become the first player to have three 30-homer, 30-steal seasons in a row.
Players on or after Aug. 1, 1986 are eligible for the 14-year-old team, while players born on or after Aug. 1, 1987, are eligible for the 13-year-old team.
We're going to put a greater burden on a player to know when to let up, when not to use his body or head as a weapon.
White Sox, along with Braves, will be most active in trading name players.
He is a calculating man who prepares his players to win, who doesn't stay with veterans past the point of their effectiveness, who is not afraid of playing kids and who lets his assistants coach.
Truth be told, coaches look forward to that All-Star break, just like players do, " Popovich said. "
I like rugby players because they're good beer drinkers and they're big eaters, too. "
// Said one former player who is now a big league pitching coach: " Most ball players are like little kids.
You should never take away a player's instinct. "
could hardly remember a visiting player being booed, let alone a St. Louis player. "
For a while he was polo coach at one of the Ivy League colleges, but it was not long before some of the school's older alumni, considerable polo players themselves at one time and now on the board of trustees at their alma mater, denounced his presence in their collegiate athletics, citing what they called his inability to play in concert with polo teams of Europe, England or the Americas.
Now let ' s look at the question of whether the players deserve those big salaries.
, they were attracted to being a part of a community with Georgia's only Tournament Players Club, a PGA Tour-managed facility. "
Twenty minutes later Joe came out of his office and told the players: ' That's it ' Most of the players started crying, " Smith said. "
In the story, Wayne Gretzky, the Oilers ' captain and the most dominant individual player in hockey history, said: " I think the Hawks ' fans were a factor in their winning.
Dixon and Blake (217 assists) are a dynamite backcourt, but Morris is the best player - a long slasher who can hit the boards.
was Joel who had poured everything he had into the firm for the past ten years, Joel who had single-handedly turned it into a major player in the marketplace.
// La Salle won a ball game -- 89-68 against Hofstra -- but lost a ball player, Ken Durrett, a 6 ' 7 " sophomore with a scoring touch.
By focusing resources // and expertise on a single product, a farmer could raise output and lower // costs; instead of buying different technologies for each of several crops or // animals, he now spread the costs of a single set of technologies -- for raising // corn, for example, or wheat -- over more bushels // To be sure, a more rationalized agriculture was far more reliant on // outside players.
Frost, who had sat out the Cornhuskers ' previous series, returned to the huddle and heard what were believed to be the first concerted boos ever directed toward a home player in Memorial Stadium's 74-year history. "
Each exisiting club would be allowed to protect seven players.
Last week, as they prepared to back their choices with cash (and lots of it) in the annual players draft, the scouts of both professional leagues took time out to compile their dream team of the nation's top prospects.
He became the first man in history to win unanimous selection as the National League's Most Valuable Player.
Down in the dugout, the players are lined up ready to take the field.
PROPS: Perfect all-mountain ski for the skier who spends a lot of time making arcs.
Hats, balloons, and various other New Year's props fly into scene.
Our ship was hit several times (two holes in left wing flaps, several in fuselage, severed oil line in number three engine and bent prop).
Typically, high-ranking Latin churchmen mute their protests; some are merely props of their regimes.
families -- that agreement would be viewed as little more than capitalist greed, a prop for the regime and reinforcement of the shame felt by those who supported us.
PROPS: Stash pocket on the back of the hand holds heat packs or a few extra rounds
// The dining room itself was a melange of trees and flowers, props from various films.
He clambered all over the landscape of New England and even around the world looking for perfect props and models.
PROPS: Thanks to its wider, 78-mm waist, the new World Piste rebounds like a trampoline in powder.
I 'm allowed to help with the props sometimes, but my wife insists on making the puppets totally by herself. "
PROPS: A little extra beef in the flex eliminates tip and tail flop.
If they are worn for any length of time, the abdominal muscles, a key prop for the spine, are likely to weaken, and the chances of back injury may increase.
MILK FLOW increases, adding to Uncle Sam's price prop task.
PROPS: A blast going fast, but you can feather it into slow turns too.
Yet, says he in the next breath, " I supported Prop &ition; 1 because I believe that the current state of our prisons is a disgrace. "
PROPS: This ski won't crack under the serious pressure of the biggest racers.
As Maczko continued the paintings in " The Bedroom Series, " her sets and props became more detailed.
YOUR BEST LOVE PROPS: The shower stall, Wonderbras.
This means that you'll also use more fuel to achieve a prop outboard's speed and performance.
Let him know that there's no limit to where nature can take you, and that where love's concerned, no props are needed.
In six months she had gone from being a woman with a job and a little apartment and all the normal wardrobe and items -- clock radio, electric toothbrush, microwave -- that she had taken for granted as props of any normal life, to being a woman with a small suitcase she lugged about with her and a large fabric carryall.
All of the potential board presidents -- Supervisors Migden, Shelley, Conroy, Leal and candidate Tom Ammiano -- are strong supporters of Prop.
They were the props of her life but she had no more sense of them than one does for the stage scenery of a play one saw ages ago then forgot.
Even the models - two boxes filled with nothing but plastic spaceships and props.
paperback books, such cheap props as ping-pong balls and drinking straws.
What Ruth Draper did through the first half of this century was to go out on a stage, with very few props, and become various characters -- a Maine fisherman's wife, an English tourist in Italy, a Scottish immigrant at Ellis Island?
props, still tried to locate them in a life that had nothing but itself to consider.
THE HELPER props the sign against the wall, lifts a box and turns for his trip below, leaving the poster grinning behind him.
Many of us have dwelled on the " prop ribbons ' that scar so many of our wading flats. "
PROPS: A rambunctious peformer with a snappy tail that finishes each turn with gusto.
Well, I'd better be bringing the props to the theatre, " he said, pulling his hat down farther, against a sharp wind. "
But soon Wolfie was seen leaping up and down, cranking the prop by hand.
Almost lost in the shadows were domestic props and stacks of stage scenery.
prop on " Friends " to a style statement on a credit card commercial. "
Without the props of day I may sink beneath the surface of muteness into an autism of being.
Employment and spending by state and local governments kept a sturdy prop under the national economy during many previous recessions, but now they too are falling, in part because Reagan's budget cuts have reduced the flow of federal cash.
The thought greets Vince Camden as he sits up in bed, frantic, casting around a dark bedroom for proof of his existence and finding only props: nightstand, dresser, ashtray, clock.
This process of adjustment from within was halted in 1874 by military defeat at the hands of the British, which removed the props that upheld Asante's success, ending the slave trade to the south and encouraging tributary states on the periphery to break away.
My eldest Boy properly and successfully settled would be a prop and comfort to his Mother and a patron to his Brothers.
Lowering pitch usually raises engine rpm, so 25- or 24-inch-pitch props would likely have resulted in more rpm and more mph than our 26-inch props.
He clutched Marcelino's hand, and the two stumbled off the set, underneath the prop braces, escaping into a portable restroom.
(Her mummified head-the wax prop, actually-qualifies as the most gruesome object in the exhibition.)
It has two feathered props and only the left front wheel is down.
These perspicacious and uncannily accurate representations chronicle the artist in an endless variety of hats, caps, masks, disguises, and props, and in an astounding array predicaments.
The monster prop, which cost $320,000, stretched a twisting 125 feet across its two fabricated aluminum-covered blades.
She had asked for this accidental hour on the river to keep her appointment on Greenwich pier for the meeting later; she needed all the props of secrecy for her mood.
Sharp change felt Agreements between the United Arab Republic on the one hand and two American and one Italian firms on the other, if prop erly implemented, would also go far beyond domestic Egyptian needs.
Even Beckett is overshadowed here, for he lacks California as a prop.
His job was just to be the medium, to keep the client talking, to bring him back when he rambled or became incoherent, to be his sole friend and his sole prop in this unreal universe, the one who brought the truth forth -- like John Chancellor of Ottawa, who's he?
We can mask with muscular control (poker face) or with a prop (toupee, wig, or colored contact lenses).
But Bob came up where there were unlimited scholarships and no Prop 48. "
Occupational therapists can teach an impaired person how to brush his teeth again or cook, and devise solutions to other problems by using such props as oversize buttons and grab bars for bathtubs.
In the absence of ideological props such compositional arrangements will be all the more needed.
My house, my horses, my friends, my own mother, are always being converted into stage props for the
They thought of giving it to the Mayor, since he's tall enough, but then someone suggested giving it to Gambia High School as a prop for amateur theatricals. "
but Californians " will remember in November and pass Prop.
they hope the higher props will keep market prices at a profitable level.
They bring their visions to market through a welter of props and egos, actors and bankers that a mere wordmonger would be overwhelmed by.
Most of you can't find your way back without the props. "
For this, an energetic talk that left the more sensitive among us queasy, Dr. Moses used a large plaster-of-paris eyeball as a prop; it swung hideously open in sections to reveal the veiny interior of the eye, uncomfortably suggesting a dissection.
MAYO We could send the props from our base MURIEL Send!
For once, I relied on a lot of props. "
Reporting on these elaborate new techniques of computer graphics, which created the most imaginative of TRON's sets and props, were Los Angeles ' Russell Leavitt and New York and props, were Los Angeles ' Russell Leavitt and New York Reporter-Researcher Peter Ainslie.	122:127	0:270	 Reporting on these elaborate new techniques of computer graphics , which created the most imaginative of TRON 's sets and props , were Los Angeles ' Russell Leavitt and New York and props , were Los Angeles ' Russell Leavitt and New York Reporter-Researcher Peter Ainslie .
PROPS: Torsional stiffness creates a race-stock feel in big sweeping arcs.
Huge, over-the-top props are a favored part of creating the right image.
, and wore a skin hat and carried a club or a sword as a professional prop.
In addition to the new IL-96, Ilyushin now makes the IL-114, a regional two-engine prop, the four-engine IL-76 cargo jet, and the IL-103, a small, single-engine private plane that in December was actually the first Russian airplane to receive F.A.A.
381 **26;25353; 599, 712 **76;25381; Biotech Dev Cp **26;25459; A52, 521 **26;25487; 16, 876 **76;25515; Bird Inc **26;25593; A84, 347 **26;25621; 53, 153 **76;25649; **76;25727; Birmingham Steel Cp **26;25805; A133, 016 **26;25833; 63, 461 **76;25861; Blyvooruitzicht Adr **26;25939; A29, 781 **26;25967; 18, 103 **76;25995; Boatmens Bcshs **26;26073; R52, 932 **26;26101; 32, 562 **76;26129; Bob Evans Farms Inc **26;26207; 58, 102 **26;26235; 40, 094 **76;26263; Bobbie Brooks Inc **26;26341; 27, 555 **26;26369; 8, 239 **76;26397; Brajdas Cp **26;26475; 13, 689 **26;26503; 2, 524 **76;26531; Brand Cos Inc The **26;26609; 66, 721 **26;26637; 21, 788 **76;26665; Bristol Gaming Cp **26;26743; 11, 383 **26;26771; 0 **76;26799; Broken Hill Prop Adr **26;26877; A402, 398 **26;26905; 42
* * * In middle-August, a month after I'd come to the city, the cannons were still firing, the barrels of tar still burning, and those brave enough to walk the streets still wore masks, not props from an independence celebration but futile attempts at fighting the fever that'd rattled in my chest and come forth as coughs of inky syrup.
Your best love props: Incense, silky scarves, soft pillows.
Wallace rolled out all the dramatic props -- national guard, state troopers, edicts?
Every morning the sun rises in the eastern horizon I give them their props.
I have sought that moment out, or it has sought me, and I see him standing without prop in the deepening twilight, asking his father's friends to renounce the vengeance that a few hours before he himself had been furious to exact.
They passed a group of gray ruins in a hollow, where the headlights swept over another mass of rock resisted by angular props broadening to shields at the top and anchored to the ground by hooks.
The French themselves, advancing from-self-defence to-conquest, struck another prop away.
People set certain props in certain ways when guests are to arrive.
Today, i 6 years later, that prop and that pledge have been more t fulfilled.
One can oppose Prop 187 and still be sympathetic to the point that those minority voters made.
I 'm allowed to help with the props sometimes, but my wife insists on making the puppets totally by herself
When they all are pulling together, the props should generate enough direct lift to raise the plane vertically.
From there, make changes to prefab comics by adding dialogue, props and characters, or create whole minidramas from scratch.
... Rapper-turned-actor: Ice-T (real name: Tracy Marrow) Films: New Jack City, Judgment Day, others Commitment level: 5 Props: Between TV and movies, Ice-T has the longest resume of any rapper-actor.
As we went the rounds, we saw that " feudal -- ism " and imperialism took their prop -- er lumps, of course.
Mr. Shaw would do well, however to reflect more closely on the real facts surrounding the Prop G. The " grass-roots " campaign that Mr. Shaw describes simply does not exist.
Perhaps the most revolutionary breakthrough in this field is the development of hydraulic props to replace the old wooden pillars.
Perhaps it was the extraordinary freshness and clarity to the air at this hour which made for the impression, or the fact that the few props which comprised the spare landscape of sea, sand, and hill stood out then in such startling relief.
At the auction of 46 years ' and a rumored $1,600,000 worth of Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer props and costumes, Debbie Reynolds tried to buy her own brass bed from The Unsinkable Molly Brown, but just didn't want to go as high as $3,000.
Watch people straighten their clothes, and props such as chairs, when guests knock on the door.
The two-stroke Mercury 50 we tested is competitively priced in its range, listing at $5,631 (including a one-year mechanical and three-year corrosion warranty, though the prop, instruments, and fuel tank are extra).
On stage five at Raleigh Studios, a film crew is adjusting lights, checking cameras, rigging props.
The clopping sounds of the Apache's props grew louder.
Then, the theory goes, pressure on the dollar might ease, and the US currency would find and hold its prop &; value in relation to other currencies of the world.
At the height of Saturday's shopping activity here, a 28-year-old man named Klaus donned his Ronald Reagan props?
Even before the ink is dry, independent analysts are projecting huge budget shortfalls if Prop.
Military justice must be military -- a disciplinary prop.
PROPS: On groomers and in small chop, this tenacious carver will match your strength turn for turn.
... eating at until I was an empty shell, until I had no props left, until I wanted to die then and there, until I figured I had to die...
This can be maintained in different wind speeds by changing the pitch angle of the propeller much as is done in prop planes.
And, primarily, it had always been the experimentation that had been the purpose of Bending Consultants; the consulting end of the business had always been a monetary prop for
| Back in his Tokyo apartment, Toshi props the snapshot up and he draws his father.
This commanded a central position, and covered now with a handsome flower-embroidered quilt,
then sewn and carefully hand-finished by Yan Lan, whose quilting often follows the gentle lines of the fabric's pattern.
Since your quilt will be four blocks wide and five long, you may make either four rows of five blocks each or five rows of four blocks each.
Quilt historian Virginia Gunn estimates that in the course of the Civil War, women in soldiers ' aid societies donated as many as 150,000 quilts and comforters.
The furniture includes four bentwood chairs, a small but attractive country side-table, a delicate antique armchair, an iron and brass single bed covered by a country quilt, and two filled feed sacks that together act as a sitable.
The mental health system, then, is a crazy quilt of conflicting regulations and responsibilities.
An old couch with a ratty quilt thrown over it, a few chairs,
There were also two stuffed bears, which she'd named Alphonse and Gaston, and a frayed quilt, which had been given her when she was born.
But the question of who Hispanics really are - what this riotous quilt of 20-plus national origins has in common and does not - can not be answered by any head count, even one as curious as the census.
Her sister settled back under the quilt, and Jessie picked up her shoe.
Put him down " the man said, gesturing to a sagging iron-frame bed covered with a quilt.
When I told my mother I had attended quilt camp at Elm Creek Manor, she told me that she had an old family quilt her grandmother had called the Elm Creek Quilt. "
She'd been interrupted by the telephone as she'd been taking a quilt from its shipping package.
throats and general aches, and spend long lazy days in bed, playing tent with the quilt.
I 'm covered with a quilt the likes of which I've never seen.
I would lay, wrapped in a tartan quilt, curled up in apparent ease, on the sundeck, occasionally playing checkers with Williams, chess with Wu, or faro with Father Wallace of the Roman Catholic Church.
The quilt on the bed was made of goose feathers; there was a vase of fresh lilies on an antique vanity.
I did something I never had done before: hugged Maggie to me, then dragged her on into the room, snatched the quilts out of Miss Wangero's hands and dumped them into Maggie's lap.
Their quilt, " Power of Houston " was entered in the International Quilt Association's annual judged show " Quilts: A World of Beauty, " and was one of 350 finalists in the competition that attracted hundreds of entries.
I'll take the quilt cover, sheet, and quilt with me and wash them.
He was just tucking the quilt about her when George knocked on the door.
PAGE 74: White cotton blankets and floral quilt: Laura Fisher/Antique Quilts &; Americana.
There were four empty shells, three the guide had picked up and put on the quilt beside me in the Negro cabin, and one in the breech of the Greener. "
There was always a quilt on the front wooden fence to show we were a safe house for runaways.
The financing that he was finally able to piece together is a crazy quilt of small foundation grants and gifts and subsidies from various public
And then there's Martin, the woman who came up with the idea of creating suicide memorial quilts like those for AIDS casualties.
N Bright Quilt both nurtures and stimulates vision and other sensory skills with bright colors and images-an excellent choice for children who are deaf.
QUILT: ELSA C. SEE SHOPPING GUIDE FOR DETAILS.
In confusion she wrung the quilt in her hands, not wishing to broach the subject, fearing his reaction, yet knowing she must.
The room is filled with heavy carved furniture, not from this place, the high-headboarded bed heaped with quilts and fancy coverlets, satiny paper hiding the rough walls, lace curtains aflutter in the open windows like hovering butterflies.
More than 1,000 Amish-owned businesses -- quilt shops, furniture manufacturers, construction crews, hydraulic-equipment factories -- now dot Lancaster County's gently swelling plains.
Only the arrangement of the individual blocks on the quilt top differed; whereas the blocks in Margaret's quilt were placed on the diagonal, this quilt used a straight setting, with the squares arranged in neat horizontal rows.
But my mother says it was just one of many quilts her grandmother had around the house.
Popular patterns like the Double Wedding Ring and Log Cabin are used again and again, and yet every quilt is its own; the touch of its maker is always visible.
She said that she included a couple of flecks of gold in it, and it's her little secret - that he always wanted to find his gold and couldn't and now he's got it - in this quilt.
gathered the quilt so the darts folded against her breasts and grazed her neck.
Again, that night, Anne could not get to sleep, but instead of tossing and turning under the too-thin Babar quilt, she turned on the light and read in a guidebook how first Guilhem captured the city of Nimes by hiding his soldiers in wine barrels and then how he lost the tip of his nose fighting off the pagans in Rome.
// Puffed Quilt Making a puffed quilt is simple.
Perhaps the Log Cabin and Birds in the Air quilts had been made earlier, and the third years later, after the quiltmaker had improved her skills.
that forms a patchwork quilt of territory from the Mozambique border in the north to southern Natal and the Transkei in the south.
The fabrics resembled those Sylvia had seen in other quilts of that period, but until a knowledgeable appraiser inspected the quilt, she had no more proof than before she opened the trunk.
sheets and a quilt and down pillows, but that was his only change. "
Rainey pulled one of the chairs to Mrs. Breaux's bedside and sat with his hand on her forehead watching the quilt rise and fall with her breathing.
Victoire painted turquoise and strawberry red-colors that appear again in the trim, drapes, and folded quilt.
I feel a... connection.... Like, " she said, speaking slowly, each word taking its own good time, " right now I 'm feeling like everything is a kind of moving quilt, and I 'm one piece of the quilt over here, and you're another piece over there. "
His mother and sisters laid out on the floor, covered with a quilt.
Next thing I knew, I was sitting in a room with six other students, listening to Evelyn Dixon explain the techniques for constructing our first project, a log cabin quilt.
She asked if they could lie on a quilt on the floor.
but in the morning a bird doesn't lie under a quilt and snore.
A quilt by Irene Bettit, which was selected for the Vermont exhibit of the Gatherings project, resulted in her receiving great recognition for its quality.
Despite the warmth of April, I flung my mother's quilt onto my bed.
It was Friday afternoon and if I broke the speed limit, I would have half an hour before the three-dimensional quilt of flowers I was about to see for myself, flowers rising up right out of the stitches and seams as though they were real and stretching toward light, snapdragons, poppies, marigolds, black-eyed Susans, all so delicately sculpted you might think you could
Her head was pillowed on the sick woman's thigh and the wash cloth made a damp spot on the quilt.
At some point, she decided that she would quilt again.
Above the quilt her shoulders were bare, face blinking, rapturous.
Tucked under a quilt, I fall asleep on Dad's lap just as Hop Sing is serving the Cartwright boys a huge breakfast.
The cars and country houses and charming hand-painted, three-footed teapots bought at the Paris flea market, the first edition of To the Lighthouse, the old Billie Holiday 78s, the antique weathervane, the quilt my great-great-grandmother sewed....
PAGE 74: White cotton blankets and floral quilt: Laura Fisher/Antique Quilts &; Americana.
She sought to fling the sodden quilt aside but it was caught beneath her and her arms began to tremble at the effort.
Curled into a fetal position not far from the fire -- or Frank-enstein's feet with a wad of quilt for a pillow, Summer tried everything to make herself drowsy, from counting sheep to imagining the flowers she would plant in next summer's garden.
@@773961 txt // Crazy Quilt To make a crazy quilt, empty all the fabric scraps from your ragbag.
Their quilt will be made from Grade A, non-fading fabrics to offset weather and the ravages of aging.
Beside the quilt box there was a fruit basket full of old phonograph records, and he lifted them out hurriedly one at a time, looking for the one his grandfather had liked.
The quilt depicts a graveyard with caskets in the center of it for the people who have already died and, around the outer edges, caskets with names
WHAT REALLY FROSTED Monica, she told us later, was the way Boots hadn't even folded back the family quilt (an heirloom in colorful interlocking circles, the classic " wedding ring " pattern).
Wait ' til m'friends under th ' quilt hears about this! "
It would have been the only part standing at the time this quilt was made. "
Pa was carrying Davy, my four-year-old brother, wrapped in a quilt and still asleep. "
him on the quilt, and the little fellow had finally stuck his head out of his shell and taken a couple of steps, before pooping quite impressively right there on the bed.
Did you put the goosefeather quilt on your bed?
The shopwindow was filled with Easter items now -- hand-decorated eggs and stuffed rabbits, a patchwork quilt like an early spring garden.
You could see, though not far, into the dim interior, the wide planks of the floor, the corner of a bed, the crosshatching that was a nine-patch quilt, and, scarcely there, merest suggestion, the intertwined legs of a couple.
I feel a... connection.... Like, " she said, speaking slowly, each word taking its own good time, " right now I 'm feeling like everything is a kind of moving quilt, and I 'm one piece of the quilt over here, and you're another piece over there. "
Our only heat was an aging kerosene space heater in the living room, and the only really cozy spot was our bed with its endless layers of ratty quilts salvaged from trash cans and institutional blankets ripped off from Worthley as our parting gesture.
He liked to sit on a quilt in the sun, playing cards with me.
widened in admiration as she studied the red-and-green quilt hanging in the shop window.
Even in the darkness, though, I could see that the swiftly moving men had done their work, for all the tables had been taken away and of the great spreading quilt of debris only anp213occasional scrap of paper remained, blown by the
I sat up in bed and pulled the quilt around me.
The two big males, trailing their tail feathers like quilts tied around their necks, were following a bare little peahen along the ground,
But Celie, try to imagine a city full of these shining, blueblack people wearing brilliant blue robes with designs like fancy quilt patterns.
The other room featured an unmade bed, a quilt thrown back like an invitation. "
The James Collection became the core of the university's International Quilt Study Center.
First, a firm of English packers spent five weeks in Cairo crating the treasures-each wrapped in cellophane, encased in plastic quilts, set on a foam cushion tray and finally shut in a carpeted crate.
Three hundred slaves, or more, some in the uniformsof prosperous masters, others, like us, in threadbare quilts, were assembled in the open space, and there was much raucous shouting and uncouth loud laughter.
The fabric was a violet velvet quilt, covered by a sleeveless brocade
You just missed him.... Over here, everything from old shawls to umbrellas, including old plates.... Quilts here.... Porcelain to Chinese pots....
University of Kentucky Art Museum: " The Art of Comfort: Antique Quilts and Bed Coverings from the Pilgrim/Roy Collection "; to August 13.
I spread the quilt and removed my clothes and lay down on my stomach.
Something warm was placed around her, and she was weighted down once more by heavy quilts. "
Now she wondered if they had overlooked something, a familial connection lost to memory but documented in a threadbare antique quilt.
My goal, when I 'm working with an exhibition, is to make very apparent to the viewer all of the wonderful things in each quilt.
If the quilt turn out perfect, maybe I give it to her, if it not perfect, maybe I keep.
But David used one of his family's quilts because of the colors. "
Trees and vines around the buildings create a quilt in shades of green that expands out to the end of visibility.
THE TRUTH ABOUT QUILTING Many women I know, who by choice or circumstance have never married, have woven quilts of their own.
The once-lustrous green carpet has become a patchwork quilt of green, yellow, and brown.
Andrew and Sylvia were eager to begin the first leg of their long drive back to central Pennsylvania, but Sylvia rarely passed up the opportunity to see a quilt, and certainly couldn't resist seeing one so intriguingly described.
Special features: Included in this category might be necklaces or bracelets with a certain type of clasp, plates with butterflies on them or paisley-print quilts.
, but also a great source for everyday tableware OUR PICKS (right, from top of stack) Luigi Bormioli Michelangelo goblets, $17, set of four; Sango Nova Green 16-piece tableware, settings for four, $50; Handmade by Gourmet Settings Exotique 20-piece flatware service for four, $80; Dining Essentials napkin, $12, set of four; B. Smith With Style Tunisian Nights cotton-and-silk quilt, $140; sage Berkshire Fleece Blanket for Two, $15; B. Smith With Style Lotus Garden cotton-and-silk quilt, $140; sage Brentwood Originals Classic chenille throw, $20; (draped in foreground) queen-size Wamsutta 300-count Pima Sateen flat sheet, $45.
They walked in the woods ablaze with fall colors, played golf on a famous and sportive old links, went shopping for quilts or jellies or antiques, or simply sat about their patios having a sociable drink or two against a backdrop of Sourwood Mountain, gorges, and the faint blue hulk of the Great Smokies.
I had not the arrogance -- or the hardihood -- to test my power again, but I put on hope, as a naked man welcomes rags in a winter storm.
Galena Park Middle School conducts a toy drive, and local senior citizens make rag dolls for small children, she added.
It may be that a good translation of one of the major rags will serve to illustrate the point one day.
But what is truly startling is the total absence of hungry and sickly men, women, and children in rags?
One moment I was standing over Denton's corpse, then suddenly I was in the shadow of the brewer's spruce at the Stanfeuss farmhouse, cleaning the bloody blade of the ax on an old rag.
With a look of satisfaction on her face, she slipped a piece of rag through the holes and tied the ends in a knot. "
Curly is practically in rags and has several days growth on his face.
He sits down at the piano and bumps out a mechanical bass to " Twelfth Street Rag, " his total accomplishment on the piano besides " Chopsticks. "
Their house was always full of people, and Rags Roland was spending the summer with them.
They are Honduran migrant workers, dressed in shabby clothes, some with rags on their heads, others wearing broad-brimmed hats.
The old lady takes off her head rag and folds it up. "
Grubeshov now slowly drew forth a long, stained rag. "
As soon as the coal was aboard, Pappy Tung and his deck coolies would go after the coal dust with hoses, scrubbers and rags, and in an hour or two the San Pablo would be as brass-gleaming white as ever.
There is still the psychiatrist, with whom she feels like a rag doll being urged to march forth with the metallic purpose of a mechanical majorette.
Here was a business grown up in the sterile soil of the worst depression in our history, without artificial stimulation, like a rags " to riches story, that succeeded more by the under-stimulation of O. S. Peters than by any frantic " go-getter " activity.
Yet here was this wretch, looking fully like a cadaver that would not lie down; here in this roaring huge wilderness, in this valley where surely no white human had ever been before, except Mary and her fellow captives last summer, here was Ghetel, refusing to die yet, sitting here at this moment on a boulder tearing strips of cloth from the rags of her dress to wrap around her feet, still trying to take care of herself.
The other memory is of a vacant lot in the cold, yellow light of late afternoon and a drunken woman in filthy rags beating a man over the head with an umbrella until he fell, then standing over him, kicking and striking him again and again.
I must have drawn back from the rag -- obsessive cleanliness now seems to me less embarrassing than it seemed that day, New Orleans being a dirty city when I was young, with open sewers and epidemics -- because Willy said something in Cajun French and the rag was taken out of my hand.
He hung the wet rag over the back of his chair to dry and went to the windowsill and untwisted the pencil sharpener case and poured a rosy stream of shavings into the wastebasket.
I dip my rag in the water he has carried in a bucket from the bog pond and begin to wipe.
Melba tosses a pincushion away, wipes off a wooden school chair with a rag. "
In front of him was the glove box, the pistol wrapped in a red oil rag.
And I took the rag from her hand and put it on her forehead.
I gave the mother of modern birth control more than period costume -- I gave her a period, complete with a meticulously reproduced menstrual rag.
When the man in leggings had pulled the rags from their mouths, Bazwan addressed Huffley. "
He was one of the few in this day and age who really went from rags to riches.
Krumholz came over and slapped at the table with his rag. "
Flame sprang from the tallow-soaked rags on the firepikes, giving more smoke than light.
Below the car is a MECHANIC dressed in greasy coveralls holding a wrench, rag and oil can.
Farther on, the low houses were made of stone instead of the heavily textured coral rag that composed the Swahili island's historic buildings.
In addition to these principal groups, there were subgroups, common to both parties, who were Douglas men, Lincoln men; believers in a flannel rag around the neck for a colic, and scoffers at the remedy; men who had signed the pledge and men who drank a quart of whisky at a sitting; men who were Baptists, Presbyterians, and Holy Rollers; men who knew certain intimate biological facts about Esquimaux women, and men who denied their knowledge.
The washer snatched the rag away and slapped it to the window two feet lower.
The ENSEMBLE sings a reprise of " Fig Tree Rag. "
paint with a rag to give the brick the effect of a time-worn surface.
Middle-aged, wealthy, dressed in the best from Atlanta's fashion houses, they were two bright Easter eggs among the pile of rags.
She's got that black rag wrapped round her shoulders, and she's pointingone of her little old fingers at me. "
Especially,  said Rags, " if he's sober. "
the rag bag hanging from a nail in the wall. "
MUNSON HOUSE - STAIRCASE/LIVING ROOM - NIGHT -- and he falls down the stairs, each thudding impact bouncing his body like a rag doll's.
She set to work then, stripping off the soaked, mud-caked rags Ludorica wore, tugging loose the strips of cloth making her improvised leggings.
He took a rag from the book closet and went out the door.
Though they were in rags now, the walking and the food in them kept them warm, and the sun was pleasant on their faces when they were out of the shadows.
When the job was over, Mike the Angel wiped his hands on a rag and
The room we stood in faced a black tenement, a backyard full of boards, rags, trash, debris, buildings that looked as if they'd been struck by a series of bombings.
There were my ptarmigan eggs, still cradled in the rag in my palms.
The scattered fragments of the nightmare break loose from her and fall at her feet, like incomprehensible rags.
It is more of a rag than the couture dream they had imagined.
I thought, Saul and Lola and Rags don't really care much about me; I can't depend on them.
Inside her sewing room she tore away the rags and exposed the... creature.
they had baked, half a bag of flour under the bed, his sack of tools, and that bloody rag I told you about.
an array of diamond-shaped bowls: a curved platter, a heap of dry rags.
In her right hand, she still held the rag to wipe the table clean.
As the economist Deirdre McCloskey explains in a 2004 article in the magazine Christian Century, " Your * * 29; 2541; TOOLONG had one dress for church and one for the week, if she were not in rags.
A handful of soldiers, dressed in rags, dark-skinned and solemn, armed with knives and rifles, stood guard over them, displaying only marginal interest. "
devious interferences was now shared, debonairly lit a KocMoc cigarette, that went ill with his rags and his paint.
open-neck shirt that was my trademark, and Ogham in the lounge playing " Twelfth Street Rag. "
She was surrounded by a pack of dogs that grabbed at her arms and legs and pulled her across the ground like a rag doll.
Christopher rearranged the floor plan for maximum light, installed stock kitchen cabinets gently aged with a tea-stained rag (below), and focused on simple pine and painted furnishings.
I follow those rags for kicks, " Charles says. "
Don't rag on me about a few joints, will you, Felicia? "
to rags to bind the wounds of the Spartiates and their allies.
Aunt Ada, do you have a clean rag? "
was * * 37; 12895; TOOLONG rags.
I saw Mr. Schenley's body flopping around like a rag doll, because he didn't have his seatbelt on like I did.
-- 122 -- 267 IN THE LIVING ROOM - LATER Tasteful antiques, rag rugs and kids ' toys.
I was on a desolate hillside, a worn battle lance beside me, its pennon little more than a rag.
The setting is Ramkali rag, which relates to the season of Besant in March shortly before harvest.
She could stand the faded pastel smear on the peeling wallpaper in there, and she could stand the faint reddish stain on her mother's cleaning rags.
But Thomas, well, he suddenly, before our very eyes, became this mound of flesh stripping off a thick bundle of bloody rags from between his legs.
Exactly as in every account, whether from Danzig, or Munich, or Warsaw, the rags of a Wehrmacht uniform clung to the figure's bones, the sleeves, the trousers, hanging in shreds, slashed back and forth and up and down by outragedtime.
Bull sat, apparently unmoved, with his back against a cottonwood tree, running a wiping rag through the barrel of a revolver.
The big attendant comes out of his office and hands wet rags to everybody.
Mr. Boudreaux looked for the soldering gun while she dusted the maple counter with a rag and spread out the components. "
Whatever the rags paid the paparazzi, it was enough to keep them coming back for more.
Jason handed her a clean blue wipe rag from the dispenser. "
He holstered the knife and then grabbed the driver's twitching body with both fists, yanked it from the truck and threw it like a rag doll to the side of the road.
Though old Ace here must be either a wizard or else the biggest damned fool going to have kept that mess of rags and rot in the air all this time, " Steve conceded. "
ENSEMBLE THERE 'S SOMETHIN ' HAPPENIN ' IN DIXIEI 'M FROM DIXIE SO I KNOWWE GOT A RAG WE CALL " THE FIG TREE " FOR THAT BIG TREE THAT WE GROWAND WHEN WE 'RE HOPPIN ' ON THE BAYOUI DEFY YOU TO BE STILLGET YOU A RAGGY TUNEGET YOU A CAJUN MOONGET YOU A JACK OR A JILL COME ON ALONGWE 'RE GON NA DO THE FIG TREE RAGYOUR BODY GON NA ZIG AND ZAGTAKE A LOOK ATEV'RY CHAP AND EV'RY CHIPPY ALL ALONG THE MISSISSIPPIDOIN ' THE DANCETHEY 'RE DANCIN ' TO THE FIG TREE RAGI WAN NA DO THE FIG TREE RAG
Muffled in rags to protect the lungs, Moses sprayed ceilings, but the gun speckled the windows and banisters and he went back to the brush.
Larry pulled out his face rag, and she took it and dried her hand. "
They're wearing wet rags on their heads, sitting near the house sites in the brilliance of noon.
Women discuss how they no longer can afford soap in accents Shakespeare might have understood; and when a book seller in rags boards the train,
A foul smell filled his nostrils as a dirty rag was pressed against his face; hands were grabbing at his shoulders and ankles.
Always me and Rags together on the magazine covers; me and Rags in the layouts; mother and daughter, pixie twins. "
Twice, above inscriptions he wouldnever interpret, he saw a being dressed in rags bursting chains offhimself; no doubt somebody put those chains on in the first place.
A donkey pulling a heavily loaded wooden cart presses her into the roughly textured coral rag.
He wears rags sewn with tiny bells, each of which tinkles a note that in his mind symbolizes the special vice of each place he has visited.
You reached down under your edge of the seat and pulled out the pistol in a clean white rag.
She wiped her hands on the polishing rag, which was fortunately still in the pocket of her dress, and headed for the baths.
When she had finished, she put the rag in a bucket, mentally calculating that she had finished tidying
The women had managed to wash a few garments, faded shirts and baby rags; a long line of them flapped from a cord hung so low everyonecrossing the deck had to stoop under it.
have existed forever without being considered pro-Cologne In Cologne, a town of monks and bones, And pavements fang ' d with murderous stones And rags, and hags, and hideous wenches; I counted two and seventy stenches, All well defined, and
PADDY puts down the gun and gags CONSTABLE with a rag from his pocket.
He just lay there in the sunshine, all stretched out and limber as a rag.
She went up her own trail, wiping away the dime-sized drops on the linoleum, then rinsing the rag, wringing it out, and putting it aside.
She was very suntanned, her long hair tied up in a rag of crimson silk.
He laughed and held up a devil's suit he made out of a tablecloth and some stolen rags.
A tall blond male vampire stood behind him with a handsome woman, both of them swathed in rags like lepers.
// The director of " Sixpence " back then was Gene Saks, who happens to be the director of " Rags. "
One hardly thinks of the local rag as a representative of the media at large. "
There were loudspeakers and angry rallies in the streets.
Second-half rallies Given how dominant the Trojans have been this season, it's easy to forget that they trailed four times at the half.
In North Carolina, a robed Klansman told reporters: " I feel nearer to God at a rally than at any other time.
The EDA has willing volunteers, and its rallies are far superior to those of the other political groups: artists and craftsmen decorate the platform, and poets and musicians perform prior to the speeches, all without cost.
CReceived a warm reception at several street-corner rallies and handshaking tours in normally Democratic areas of Brooklyn. '
The Religious Roundtable, which held huge rallies for Reagan in 1980, sponsored hone in 1982.
Sand volleyball, desert jeep rallies, and pizza and pool parties mark their time at the Phoenician.
Among the rally girls on the Cascadia side Levin recognized Nadalee Hammerstad.
But not far away, a woman with a sign from the Colosio Brigade -- a party organization named after the slain PRI presidential candidate Luis Donaldo Colosio -- looked bewildered when asked why she was at the rally. "
Obviously timed to appear be fore both the rally and Dr. King's scheduled meeting with him at City Hall tomorrow, the Mayor issued a report on his own programs, the aim of which is the elimination of slum housing by the end of 1967.
If he spoke at public rallies or other occasions in protest of certain American foreign
On September 15th, the day I arrived, there was a huge rally downtown where thousands of citizens cheered as members of the Ukrainian Parliament officially declared the Ukraine independent.
@@324599 In a perverse replay of 1978, Marchais undercuts Mitterrand It was the biggest Communist Party rally of the French presidential election campaign.
A political junkie from way back - Dupree worked for John F. Kennedy's Young Democrats in 1960 - she also helped stage a rally in support of Salman Rushdie's controversial " Satanic Verses
* A profile of Ku Klux Klan Imperial Wizard Robert M. Shelton, presiding over two Klan rallies and discussing the history and objectives of the Klan.
Formally, stockholders " control " the corporation, and it might be suggested that to get the corporation's management to change its policies, the worker could organize rallies, circulate petitions, leave literature at appropriate doorsteps, and have students with fresh haircutS confront stockholders (sometimes including, their fathers) with the arguments for higher wages.
away by his own oratory, according to an investigation report, he told a rally at Stone Mountain that a few people, white and black, should be hanged to show that the Klan meant business, and he suggested that standing in a schoolhouse door was no way to stop Negro children from entering a whiteschool; hanging a few Negroes on the school ground would be much more effective.
He was loyal to President Nixon through the entire Watergate affair, even speaking at Nixon defense rallies conducted by Rabbi Baruch Korff.
At the latest rally, held to " clarify the issues " to students, a young lady informed the faculty
The Redskins ' Mark Rypien threw two touchdown passes to Gary Clark, and the Washington defense held off a Buccaneer rally -- Tampa Bay had 21 points in the fourth quarter -- as the Skins won 32-28.
Trouble began during the opening evening rally in the square near the Olympic stadium.
It was, of course, never that simple -- Saro-Wiwa threatened to lead the Delta into something like secession, and Shell had nothing to do with his death -- but the protest campaign was effective: rallies in London, speeches in Washington, reports on television, and page-one stories in the New York Times.
To foster brand loyalty and tighten the bond, clubs sponsored by manufacturers usually publish a club news bulletin in which they can disseminate the company line, as well as offer travel information, tips, editorials, and notices of scheduled rallies or proposals of future rally sites.
The Dow has been on its own treacherous sawtooth course, breaking the will of many who had expected a year-end rally to take shape by now.
@@247506 Madame Ngo Dinh Nhu, presently residing in Paris, had been invited to the U.S. to address a " Truth Rally " sponsored by the Conservative Party club of Flushing, N.Y.
The state police, who estimated the rally crowd at 10,00C to 12,000, and Justice Department officials.
She took him by the arm with surprising strength, and using her elbow as a rudder, hustled him through the gauntlet with her head down, as if they were attending a rowdy political rally and she wanted to keep him from being assassinated.
The America First parade was postponed and then cancelled altogether, and subsequent plans for an anti-immigrant rally at the courthouse in downtown Oneonta were also cancelled.
In the era of antiwar demonstrations, when the government released a spy-plane photograph purporting to show sparse crowds around the Washington Monument at the height of a rally, he analyzed the monument's shadow to prove that the photograph had actually been taken a half-hour later, when the rally was breaking up.
At a mass rally to dedicate a $3,500,000 Russian-built hospital, tension sharpened.
The only time I saw Margo's face in the paper, she had been photographed while conducting a rally to legalize abortion. "
LONDON - UK stocks rebounded in a far-reaching rally, taking the market above its levels before
PUBLIC ENTERTAINMENTS: Opera, movies, buskers, political rallies, gymnastic demonstrations; vocal recitals and performances of reggae, jazz, New Wave, and classical music in the parks.
Poetry and speeches completed the program, which was extensively Covered by two New Orleans television stations, although the newspapers boycotted the rally.
|p133At the corner of Eighth Avenue was another Kalki billboard, advertisingthe Madison Square Garden rally.
Because none of the folks at the rally could hear themselves anymore, much less the Klansmen who were speaking, the KKK had no choice but to pack up and go home.
It was the first broad rally this year in foreign-currency futures, which have mirrored the hectic trading in interbank foreign-exchange markets.
, " she said, " you didn't forget to tell him about the rally next week? "
By 5:30 P.M., the rally seemed to be over, and the candidates and their crowds went their own ways and calmness and political peace returned to the park.
The antiabortionists are dogging state and local politicians, holding rallies, trying to select " pro-life " delegates to both major party national conventions, and pushing for antiabortion planks in the party platforms.
* Rally school officials and recruit other parents to ensure that an anti-hazing policy gets enacted-and enforced.
It's time for action and he and my mother and I are all going to the big rally in Stanley Park and my mother's lodge is going to form a big heart on the hill and the heart is going to be all mothers.
at the March 14, 1987, rally of the Defense League.
Which was run by this rally wonderful woman who had a dream to open a restaurant?
Last year, Kelly and two others were beaten outside Argonaut Liquors, 700 E. Colfax Ave., when the riled mob dispersed after the Klan's midday rally.
Ogilvie, whose absence from campaign rallies could not be matched in the memory of veteran politicians.
The escalating mess forced the Mission Church to undertake its own official investigation, and nine days ago, speaking to thousands of supporters at an ecumenical rally, Boesak seemingly shifted ground.
Following the Baltimore rally, Mr. Nixon will be in Indianapolis, Dallas and San Francisco the same day.
and more enthusiastic at every rally, and as our jet winged down through the night toward Pittsburgh, I watched Stoddard answering questions about the crisis on a satellite feed from C-SPAN.
For example: Burmese activists have gone online not only to rally support behind their country's leading dissident, Aung San Suu Kyi, they've also used the technology to organize worldwide protests and consumer boycotts.
Once people attending Radical Right rallies have been alarmed by tales of Communist betrayal in Washington and imminent collapse of the nation?
To the journalist on my right, a handsome and clever man and a leading Communist, I confessed that I was mystified by what had seen at the students ' rally and asked for his explanation. "
Yet there must be something to these inelegant pep rallies, some reason millions of normal citizens jump up and down in town halls and public squares, and shout themselves hoarse for candidates they can barely hear, saying things they all have heard before.
But, by 5:30 the troops had left the campus and were on the way to the rally site.
For months, opposition candidates accused Fujimori and his military intelligence service of disrupting rallies with rock-throwing thugs, sponsoring lurid tabloid newspaper attacks and blocking access to television and radio.
They held marches, sit-ins, and rallies for every conceivable left-wing cause.
The Republican vote-seeking trip will begin with a rally at 10 A. M. Monday at Friendship International Airport near Bal-timore, President Eisenhower, Henry Cabot Lodge, the Republican Vice-Presidential nominee, and Senator Thruston B. Morton of Kentucky, the Republican National Chairman, will speak.
The rally was held to encourage continuation of the strike.
@@729823 txt marks at a rally of her New Congress party at her residence this morning.
The publicity would be going out this week, and there would be a large ad soon in the New York Times, announcing the rally.
An unsigned mimeographed leaflet was distributed at the rally that called Mr. Lindsay an " atheist, " " pro-Communist " and supporter of integration in the schools, It also charged that he associated with " David Dubinsky -?
One day at a downtown rally, while Sandra Alvarez, 25, and her comrades ticked off a smorgasbord of corporate malfeasance, Jason Mark, 25, and three others left discreetly in two sedans, destination Hollywood. "
The rally was organized by New Yorkers for Goldwater and Miller, a citizen group, rather than by the regular Republican state organization, and in enthusiasm it far surpassed
his tone polite, almost soothing, " when you had your rallies here last summer, I think I 'm right, you brought in Mr. Shelton, the Imperial Wizard.
But this year's rallies have turned into a virtual siege against the centrist coalition government of President Roh Tae Woo.
And so, the rally was supposed to be militant, it was supposed to be bold; and it was supposed to just try to break that aura of invincibility that the Klan had.But the Klan used our words as an excuse to open fire and kill us.
Calmer heads at that rally merely insisted that " Yale
Back in New York, shortly after the rallies and speeches ended, the crack hustlers were out again, casually hawking their wares. "
They assumed control over rallies because they had been there before and knew an abundance of dusty old songs and slogans.
80 and other ghetto schools that they formed a self-styled " People's Board of Education, " held a rally to berate the appointed school board
The walk sparked a four-run rally that put a 4 game out of reach.
Suddenly they found themselves packing in thousands of Americans at rallies in Garden City, Long Island; Miami, Florida; Houston, Texas; or Los Angeles, California.
The capitalistswho thought they could do whatever they wished with America should have come out to that rally.
Twenty thousand similar billboards had been set up all around the United States as a sort of teaser for Kalki's appearance on CBS's 6o Minutes, which in itself was a trailer for the rally in Madison Square Garden.
The Communists, despite their brutality and deceit remain the only Vietnamese capable of rally ing millions of their countrymen to sacrifice and hardship in the name of the nation and the only group not dependent on foreign bayonets " A more corrupt regime probably has never battened on the lives and treasure of a great power in modern times.
But when Premier Jacques Chirac last week denounced the " demagogy of a certain political discourse " that has been loosed of late on France, none of the 70,000 people attending the biennial convention of Chirac's Rally for the Republic Party had the slightest doubt as to the object of his scorn.
The guerrillas announced a rally to demand supplies and money from the British: ELAS supporters flooded in from all over the Mourgana villages and, beyond.
His Technicolor, Inc., and Schick Safety Razor Company sponsored the Hollywood Bowl rally in 1961.
According to a Christianity Today magazine account of that rally, Wilkinson's 28-year-old son, David, came up to him afterward and told him: " You are that man. "
On Sunday in Mexico City's downtown, more than 150,000 people -- at least as many as those who showed up for two rallies held by Fernandez and Cardenas in the same place the day before -- gathered to hear a short but upbeat speech from Zedillo.
The Oklahoma Education Association scheduled a similar one-day walkout, urged its 27,000 teachers to attend a rally in Oklahoma City to apply pressure on the state legislature for more school money.
On the road again: If you have an unfinished basement, get out the tricycles and set up a road rally.
JERUSALEM - Israeli police have prevented right-wing Jewish extremists from staging a rally at Jerusalem's disputed mosque compound after thousands of Muslims massed to defend the flashpoint site.
I also wish I really knew the meaning of the peculiar demonstration at the " students ' rally " that night.
He installed a sauna in his cellar, ran a couple of drivers ' schools for the SCCA and about once a month indulged himself in a rally.
It seems as though the different legs of this rally were laid out by different cars with different odometers, " he says, " because our O.D.
A friend and I jumped a thuggish heckler at a street-corner Henry Wallace rally.
Stuart Freeman A.G. Edwards Market call: +12.2% Freeman advises investors to boost stock exposure to 77% of portfolio to benefit from rally in 2006.
sending a team of professional rally drivers to pilot its Austin 1800 over some of the world's worst roads.
Gray (Davis): A rally by Richmond residents was held Friday in Sacramento to show support for forgiveness of the Richmond School District's debt to the state.
Flat and pedestrian, it was larded with pep-talk phrases about putting shoulders to the wheel, packing a punch, pitching in, and joining in a grand rally designed to ' " whip inflation now " by a process of incantation and ballyhoo.
During Cardinal Bernardin's visit, a weekend rally commemorated the 60th anniversary of Youth for Christ in Ukraine.
In his Springfield speech and I later at a rally on the fairgrounds here, the Vice President outlined in blistering language
(With no cheerleaders, school-sanctioned legacy, pep rallies, letter jackets or paid coaches, either.
There was an enormous black rally scheduled in Washington with a candlelightvigil for Civil Rights over Easter weekend and she wanted Sharon to be there.
Every rally has an end, " he says. "
A ' course, as you can imagine, nobody cherishes more than me them times that we get a little rally goin ', and I can really slip off into dreamland.
With a vigor like that of small town lodges and chambers of commerce, evangelical institutions work hard to promote rallies, Sunday schools, tours, programs, and revivals.
At a noisy street rally, the MSI program seems even more ill-defined.
The house is on fire, " said Actor Ossie Davis at a rally in Harlem. "
What's more, sales of poetry on records are tuned to unprecedented volume.
SEPTEMBER 2005 A Northwest Airlines DC-9 jet was starting final approach for a landing, and the wing flaps retracted on their own, according to federal records, causing a potential for a crash landing.
Despite the country's grim mood, the record 87% of the voters who turned out made decisions on broader issues; they gave Den Uyl's party 53 seats in the new 150-member parliament, a gain of ten; the Socialists will now probably seek to form a coalition government with the Christian Democrats.
A 27-year-old conscientious objector, wearing a tattered fishnet shirt with the letters GBTC stenciled across the front in magic marker, won the Boston Marathon in an American record time of 2 hours, 9 minutes and 55 seconds.
// Southern Cal's Marcus Allen broke another of Dorsett's NCAA records by increasing his season rushing yardage to 1,968 in a 21-3 victory over Cal.
Mr Gould Mr Forrest added, " It probably wouldn't be of much use The money would have gone to Switzerland or something like that " Whether the nearly half-million-dollar payment was indeed sent on to a banker in Switzerland who laundered it in some way before it reached Italian government officials or whether it was a completely legitimate operation is a matter the audit committee apparently found no'need to clarify This omission is particularly tantalizing because there reportedly is nothing in Avis's records to indicate a prior letter of agreement for the payment For his part, Mr. Gould, who helped set up Arbourage, said no one had made any inquiries about it, and he added he had never even heard of the audit committee study that was turned over to the SEC Meanwhile, at Avis, much more attention seems to be directed at illicit payments that possibly can
In less than four years his independent film company, Morgan Creek Productions, has produced a sizzling track record
Those records belonged over here and what we were doing was getting back.
President Carter, who listens to classical records all day long, appeared to be enthralled.
She and I were concerned about the protection of her confidentiality both with regard to her taking medication and to the creation of a record anywhere that she had been treated by a psychiatrist, " Bourne said.
Let the record show, " Judge Rives said, " that the court has called for evidence from the defense in open court and none is offered. "
But perhaps the most interesting experiment anywhere is The Union Record (Seattle), the labor daily which, on the President's arrival in that city, dared, to the horror of the correspondents accompanying him,
There had been no mention in his records of these fantasies.... " The pirates? "
Within the legal profession in particular, Warren's record on civil rights gave him tremendous
Last week a record crowd of 81,036 came to find out, as the big (16.1 hands) copper colt went to the post in the $125,000 Belmont Stakes, the final jewel in the Triple Crown.
// SAILING -- PHILIPPE JEANTOT, in his 60-foot sloop, Credit Agricole III, cut nearly 25 days off his own four-year-old BOC Challenge solo circumnavigation world record, covering the 27,000 miles in 134 days, 5 hours, 24 minutes and 56 seconds to win Class I. MIKE PLANT, in a 50-foot sloop, won Class II in 157 days (page 74).
Any record on any police blotter anywhere, particularly with reference to smoking pot. "
East Germany ' s Heike Drechsler owns the indoor record of 24-2 1/2, set Saturday in Vienna.
As part of the review process, all available medical information was obtained, and this included study and hospital records.
I've never followed the research checklist given me by my genealogist friend: I haven't located the family Bible yet; there are letters left unread; I've only done a few interviews; I've never visited the county courthouse and sorted through birth certificates, marriage records, wills, estates, deeds, mortgages; I've tracked down only a few cemetery logs, county histories, tax lists, newspaper articles, voter rolls; I've spent one weekend in the state archives looking for the land grants, census, and militia records, but I haven't been back.
In addition to its staff of 36 lobbyists, Lockheed paid 41 contract lobbyists last year, records show, including former Indiana GOP senator Dan Coats, former Air Force general John Conaway and former FAA administrator Linda Daschle.
School system records are in such bad shape that these figures have not been forthcoming despite days of work by skilled outside auditors.
// During those years, state court records show, Mr. Cody was mainly in reform school or state prison.
I'll go on record saying I 'm gon na sell more than both of them put together at the end of the day.
(For the record, reversing letters is not an indicator of a learning disability in preschoolers.
Credit came easily: recognizing the company's record of success, banks extended Kroh Development $39 million in unsecured loans.
There was nothing in it but penciled and highly abbreviated records of %i.its to libraries; quotations from hooks with titles like " History of Angelina and ' vier Counties " and " Kirk Family History. "
leaving behind a large basin and the most noteworthy record of freshwater fossil fish ever found in the United States.
, train or subway stations, shopping centers, schools, record shops, music stores, and other places frequented by the market you're trying to reach.
5 points per game and has an outside shot at the AMCU single-season record held by current Golden State guard Winston Garland.
A riffle through the army's records discovers seven competent but crooked officers and other ranks (Nigel Patrick,
A southpaw, Spinks ran his record to 31-2 with 10 knockouts.
They stood up to the feds (by fighting a subpoena seeking search records to explore whether there is a need for new Internet child pornography laws) and it's " Yea! "
At a 1988 conference in Tehran, Hamid Algar of the University of California at Berkeley praised Iran's " proud record of resistance to aggression. "
It does not detract from the record of McGovern, McCarthy and the others to say that Gruening and Morse were the first and most forceful and effective critics of the war.
It's not a very good time to be in a band and on a record label right now, anyway.
did not prevent me from building a new yacht and improving the * * 26; 5180; TOOLONG world speed record which I had held since 1967. "
Many, like Mr. Morales, were incarcerated on their own admission, since the United States has no access to Cuba ' s criminal records.
The program works like this: first a letter is sent to the family announcing that the Cedar Park Memorial Counselor and Director of Family Counseling Service will call upon them shortly " to secure the information necessary for the Historical Record and present you with a photographic record of the services at Cedar Memorial. "
Sam Brown, who killed the two policemen in Nyack, had an arrest record going back to 1958.
For the record, your information is inaccurate on Governor Rockefeller's visit on Sept. 21.
For the record, my sister would not be caught dead in a Ross, or any other store with the slogan " dress for less. "
Some Midwood residents assert that it took the police more than 30 minutes to arrive, but the police say their records indicate the response time was half that.
When the cops found Kessler's name in those records listed beside such colossal daily bets, they decided to look a little further.
He located the Hajimi house through police records at the Russian Compound, where Hassan Hajimi was imprisoned.
It is also a record of survival and a tentative kind of triumph.
New England's seven pathetic yards is a Super Bowl record.
But communications and records officer William Belk of West Columbia, S.C., said he " didn't want hate to end this. "
The importance of the testimony and records smuggled out of China by Dr. Zhang last year is that they document the unnatural deaths of more than 1,000
I was making records, but they weren't getting played because there was no place to play them. "
That clocking was 18.6 seconds behind the late Steve Prefontaine's American record, but the Oregon crowd gave Shorter the longest applause of the meet, probably because Shorter attacked the race the way Prefontaine used to, driving hard all the way.
Ms. Czajwolski said they would come out to her house before the final determination, but unless Martha had some sort of serious problems, like a criminal record, things should go smoothly. "
, according to court and school records, Peewee had been arrested for having taken a loaded revolver to school.
Constance starts to drink, stops, puts the needle on the record again, sits.
The merchandise trade deficit, which fell below record levels in May and June, means foreign firms are selling more goods here than U.S. exporters sell abroad,
Dowd, a onetime FBI agent and St. Louis police board president, has so far found little to campaign on except his law-and-order record.
So did Sire Records, which signed her in 1983 at Kamin's urging.
The basic reason is that the record build-up of forces has passed and defense establishment strengths are expected to remain about the same.
It concluded that Federal's past growth record and its projected growth were proper justification for it to go through the normal certification process.
While holding to the suppression of the record at this time, Levin said that all hearings on the case will be held in open court.
, and began catering to them at the shows and on records.
He said he could easily envision a " relatively normal correction " this year in a market that has reached record prices.
Denver's new darlings Nuggets Broncos Season Attendance record record 1997-98 11,800 11-71 16-4 1998-99 11,879 14-36 17-2 1999-2000 15,231 17-16 6-10
That also means the guarantee of anonymity in open court, with such data sealed in court records rather than handed over to the defendant who may be bent on vengeance.
The record labels ' new services include MusicNet, backed by AOL Time Warner, BMG, and EMI; and PressPlay backed by Sony Music and Vivendi Universal.
Mr. Caristo asserted that the charges had damaged his personal and business reputations and that he had become a target because the commission wanted " for political purposes " to " impugn " the city's school building record.
Johnson " is sorely missed, " that numbers don't fully explain his value to a team with the third-worst record (37-54) in baseball. "
We almost had to arm Wrestle with the Secret Service, later on because the records ' were gone.	77:84	0:97	 We almost had to arm Wrestle with the Secret Service , later on because the records ' were gone .
50 a square foot, erected in record time for the government of Cyprus to serve refugees from the 1974 Turkish invasion.
City records indicate that a four-unit complex was built there last year and that Pada, who approved only minor work on the site, did nothing when he saw alleged illegal construction.
The PARC has a pretty good track record when it comes to radical new visions, even if its record of holding onto them has been spotty at best.
of commercial exploitation such as bootleg films, records, or unauthorized copies of books, were specifically excluded from the Visual Artist Rights Act.
he had no embarrassing record of achievement one way or the oilier.
to operate, primarily views X-ray sources, a camera aboard the craft has surveyed the sky in the extreme ultraviolet and identified a record 385 bright sources in this wavelength band (see sidebar).
The stewardess recovered and told her story, which, in her own writing, will be added to this record.
My record of Mrs. Johns's remark was ruled out; Turner was not on trial.
The Motivational Test Third, the Court must determine whether the legislative record evinces a congressional intent to punish.
creates a heavy swing that is one of the record's strong points.
mask and runs his operation like a Cecil B. DeMille production, upped his own record to 526.28 mph, wrecking his racer but becoming the first person ever to be timed over 500 in a wheeled vehicle on land.
// As the baseball season progressed, Gooden produced a 15-7 record.
Columbus (Ohio) Quest Head coach: Brian Agler (31-9) Record last season: 31-9 Returning players: 6 Returning starters: 4 Probable starters F: Andrea Lloyd, 6-2 (Texas ' 87) F: Katie Smith, 5-11 (Ohio State ' 96) C: Valerie Still, 6-1 (Kentucky ' 83) G: Shannon Johnson, 5-8 (S. Carolina ' 96) G: Tonya Edwards, 5-10 (Tennessee ' 96) Players to watch: Smith and Edwards are returning all-stars, and Still was the championship series MVP.
But the pressures of trying to govern -- Carter will be judged on his record and is eager to show that he can get things dune -- and also cam -- paign impinge on the White House. "
The children had stayed up late; popcorn had been popped, toddies poured, old record albums resurrected and played on the ancient player, Sam Hinton, Buffy Sainte-Marie, Glenn Miller. "
Little Miss Zoe, " she started in on me as she looked over my school records, " have a seat over there by the window and pay attention.
His rotation's 4.32 ERA was nearly a full run better than the franchise record (5.19, in 1995), and the quartet of Jason Jennings, Aaron Cook, Jeff Francis and Josh Fogg had yet to miss a start.
When the veteran rapper and actor LL Cool J's last Def Jam record tanked, he cut loose backstage at the MTV awards: " I think Jay-Z does a very good job, " he reportedly said. "
// The ease with which Johnson scored was symbolic of his transition to the NFL from East Carolina, where he set or tied 18 school records.
We can only hope that despite the drought and despite the three-way race, and despite the uninspiring Janata record, the people in the countryside and.
It ranges over a wide variety of likes and dislikes proper to a sensitive personality in love with Victorianism, fascinated by people and keenly nostalgic for the private and public pasta Summoned by Bells (1960), his autobiographical poem, is a lively record of his early days.
Johnson has set a team record with six straight 100-yard rushing performances, running for 143 yards and three touchdowns in Sunday's 31-28 loss at Dallas.
@@330769 It is considered the birthplace of rock ' n ' roll, but in the past two decades the Sun Records studio in Memphis has seemed to be in its twilight.
Knight-Ridder newspapers picked up seven of the 15 newspaper awards, a record for a single chain.
Woo, who has no criminal record, is to have a bail hearing today.
As Finance Ministry officials went over the bank records, they discovered a second account, containing nearly $6,000.
@@1875 The Hidden Diary of Marie Antoinette A Novel By Erickson, Carolly St. Martin's Griffin Erickson, Carolly June 17, 1769 My name is Archduchess Maria Antonia, called Antoinette, and I am thirteen years and seven months old, and this is the record of my life.
Why don't you ask him if he'll agree to a stipulation, if we do, that the Cape boy's testimony be made a part of the court record and that we spare the boy -- and ourselves -- another repetitionof that bloody story?
Egyptians have kept records of the height of the Nile for millennia.
As the incumbent Mayor, he must run on his record but he would do well to listen to those modern-minded Democrats who have sound advice to offer in respect to improving existing policies and programs.
The record of the electric power industry, in abstaining from breaking such negative, prohibiting rules
I hope you can help straighten out the records with Mann) Bent-a -- Car, A Mend and 1 took a vacation last June to Florida.
It was something all but unheard of -- a long period during which the police and the public were in a close and non-antagonistic relationship.
It's not necessary to build a personal relationship unless the Driver indicates that that's part of the objective.
After Jimmy Carter and Leonid Brezhnev sign the SALT II treaty next week, it goes before the Senate for a ratification debate that will range over the whole relationship between the world's two superpowers.
of abstraction, we have noted, are distinguished by their conflicting accounts of the relationship between perception and thinking, the traditional theory assuming that concepts are formed when particular sensations are organized in thought, whereas the more recent theory affirms that thinking elaborates the forms of organization gained in perception.
The fourth and fifth sections describe courseware that allows students to manipulate data and explore relationships.
Indeed, to want to kill your lover in the first place, rather than merely end the relationship on rational terms.
This will eliminate the customer/supplier relationship between the Baby Bells and AT &T; in the purchase and sale of switching machines, but now AT &T; and the Baby Bells will battle even more fiercely over long distance.
by considering placement, size, spatial relationships, and rhythms. "
Then, if we don't get anywhere with this, that leaves you and | him in the same relationship as before.
Struggling to find life within their classrooms, participants reached out to establish a relationship with others.
infant relationship is an important and supportive setting for learning a number skills necessary for establishing and maintaining effective social engagement with others, such as conversations and play.
1988) (recognizing relationship between CERCLA section 113(h)'s goal of prompt cleanups and Congress's goal of protection of public health and the environment from hazardous wastes).
But Arnett defends the close relationship between 20-somethings and their parents today. "
Police efforts to establish a friendly relationship with the ghetto are matched by their efforts to find out what is going on there.
This method provided a marital-integration scale for the measurement of the relative degree of strength of the marriage relationship of different couples.
the latter is a valuable guide.i " The concepts of culture ' and civilization ' are obviously important in studying India and other developing countries today, for one of the outstanding questions concerns the relationship between the traditional culture and the values and beliefs which have been introduced from the West.
To his detractors inside and outside Sony, Stringer's primary success has been managing his own relationship with his bosses.
It had been a couple of years since Grand Nagus Zek instituted his sweeping reforms, many of them inspired by his relationship with Quark's mother, Ishka.
As the adult relationship changes, there are likely to be corresponding shifts
// For many months, I have encouraged the Soviet Union to join with us in a major effort to see if we could make progress in these broad problem areas, reducing the threat and use of force in solving international disputes, reducing armaments in the world and establishing a better working relationship with each other.
You need to educate yourself about childhood development and parent-child relationships.
// In a novel, the prose is the hero, the human thing; the author ' s voice is our foremost point of contact and upholds one side of the shifting, teasing relationship we as reader are invited into.
relationships makes the course of economic affairs a limitless and often unique series of historical facts.ls Yet one might well gather from many an economic principles textbook that perfect competition is a sort of norm, which might be taken to imply that any departures from perfect competition are generally unfortunate.
the second case nothing necessarily follows from homogeneity except that it will facilitate the establishment of relationships, provided that people seek the formation of relationships within the locality which they will have to do if the locality is a settlement and relatively isolated.
Thus when the word hsin is used, it is not easy to tell from the context what kind of mind is talked about or referred to, partly because the distinction and/or relationship between the phenomenal mind and the noumenal mind is theoretically problematic in Buddhist thought.
Further, findings indicating a relationship between intolerance for ambiguity and low endorsement for diversity interventions in business students
William P. George is a senior fellow researching the relationship between religion and international law
Unfortunately, there are insufficient data with which to assess the relationship between urban population growth and violence in other regions of the world.
Such changes obscure historical relationships among languages after about 6,000 years, Campbell says. "
about relationships, the Amiable person can rely on these qualities in some social dealings.
// Frustrated by what he felt was RCA ' s failure to market his records properly (RCA wasn ' t happy with sales, either) and by the contractual hassles whenever he wanted to record with Mr. Ma (who records for CBS Masterworks), the pianist recently severed his longterm relationship with RCA to sign with CBS.
When the relationship is good, all is well at your home and hers.
She asked, " Could you tell me about your relationship with that prisoner in Capitola? "
Traube was revealed to have had a close relationship with Hans Joachim Klein, a young Libyan-trained terrorist who participated along with " Carlos " in the Vienna kidnapping of the OPEC oil ministers in December1975.
Mirax and I put this free time to good use, rebuilding our home and our relationship, but with that came some consequences that I saw as incredibly disruptive -- on the scale of Thrawn disruptive.
By contrast, the vowel relationships in the Indo-European languages were extensively examined to arrive at current analyses.
and it could be a relationship at any price, " says Susan Forward, PhD, author of Men Who Hate Women and the Women Who Love Them.
I think there's a little better relationship with the mayor than there has been.
The relationship between them and King Islanders is symbiotic.
Here was every ingredient of the true-crime blockbuster: cocaine, an S-M relationship, a beautiful six-year-old and a battered woman, all set against the background of Greenwich Village.
I had headed into Utah for answers to both relationships, but once there it had become not future revelations that held me but the quality of immediate ones, relationships that in this place had a way of remaining jettisoned from the past.
Because of this special relationship, there is every reason to urge Mr. Marcos to implement genuine economic and human rights reforms which will benefit the people of his country and, if he chooses not to do so, to question the wisdom of continuing to support his Government with large infusions of American aid.
Proof " - which concerns the relationship between a brilliant university mathematician and his daughter - debuted in May 2000 at off-Broadway's Manhattan Theatre Club and moved to Broadway in the fall.
, teachers in early childhood classes seldom concern themselves with the possible goals of art activities and the relationship of those goals to the arts themselves.
While these epidemiologic studies do not establish a cause and effect relationship, the lower incidence of climacteric symptoms may be attributable to diet rather than genetic disposition-a theory supported by a review article showing that Asian people who consume more Western diets have a higher risk of chronic and degenerative disease, including hormone-dependent cancers, colon cancer and cardiovascular disease, compared with those who consume traditional Japanese diets.
Alicia's relationship with her female lover has helped her resolve childhood pains of sexual abuse and abandonment.
complaint also sheds new lieht on Mr. Lance's relationship with Mr. Abedi and the Bank of Credit and Commerce International.
That's because the best-compensated investment bankers tend to be those with the tightest client relationships.
I tried to keep it in perspective and tried not to let it affect my relationships with people.
Arthur's relationship with the car had become a close one.
There is a relationship of consequence between these two seemingly disparate events.
His body is in the same relationship to DODGE 'S.
Individual identity is forged not in isolation but in the context of relationships.
It is obvious that with these price relationships it would be more profitable to buy the feeder than it would be to raise him.
Thus, it now seem fairly assured that the U.S.-China relationship is likely to keep moving along at somewhat the same level as it has been since former President Richard M. Nixon broke the ice between the countries.
The first tribal leader to speak before a joint session said the state and federal governments should deal with tribes in a government-to-government relationship.
Politicians have shown a lot of concern, especially since the Second World War, with employment relationships.
And as we do, may I make a suggestion for those who enjoy a personal relationship with the Lord?
A homosexual who has been in a monogamous relationship with a faithful lover for many years is at less risk than a heterosexual who has had many sexual partners and hasn't used condoms.
Ann's relationship with Josh started out vague and unpromising.
Margie Tallworth was ignorant, but she was not ignorant of Michael Milton's relationship with Helen.
realities: in our increasingly female, work-centered world, most of our relationships, including intimate ones, are initiated in the workplace; gender relations, especially new ones, are complex and invariably ambiguous; in our heterogeneous society, the perception of what constitutes proper and effective male-female relations varies across gender, class, ethnicity and region; and in keeping with our egalitarian ideals, we take pride in the fact that the WASP boss may legitimately desire or want to marry his or her Puerto Rican aide or chauffeur.
makes a love relationship particularly vulnerable and fragile is the need for reciprocity.
That is to say, it will determine whether the relationships within the area can be used to form groups through which the people concerned can co-operate to carry out different types of activities.
If you were to ask me what would be the biggest thing the US could do in coping with this difficult relationship, it would be to present a consistently strong demonstration of national will.
The close, conspiratorial relationship between Rose and Sarah, the rebel maid, was inspired by the two maids in Henry Green's novel Loving (belowstairs in a country house).
When water-pollution personnel moved into states to enforce cleanups, this long-standing relationship got in their way;
Formal relationships provide written documentation for grants or proposal applications and demonstrate that a program has cooperative relationships that enable it to provide an ongoing, comprehensive program.
Yes, in another sense because you are approaching others in a way that pleases, rather than irritates them, so you can set a positive stage for effective performance from the relationship.
He wrote me the following letter which speaks volumes about parent-child relationships.
Members of a tennis club or a volunteer organization who comment on our versatility provide a weak basis for generalizing about how we might perform in relationships as a manager, salesman, teacher, or parent.
But I can't just end our relationship like we did.
The relationship is this: Characters both do and feel, James observed, but their actions impart interest only in terms of their feelings; to represent the wholeness of the character, therefore?
RELATIONSHIPS TO METEORS, METEORITES, AND COMETS The known NEOs are just the largest members
marriage would erode a relationship I had come to value.
Kristina Orth-Gomer reports in the Journal of the American Medical Association that women with heart disease tripled their risk of recurrent heart trouble if they were involved in a stressful relationship. "
In addition, for new customers, CDs give him a foot in the door and a broker-client relationship that may permit him to offer other financial products later.
She and Christine were still in the midst of that awkward getting-to-know-you phase, but Peyton felt they'd made great strides in their relationship.
it was an abusive relationship; that was just another experience of being powerless.
Although he has considerably oversimplified this relationship, the example that a President sets does matter and his personal ethics are a legitimate campaign topic.
We are brought up to expect that a father should provide income, food and clothing,  says Gail Wyatt, Ph.D., a psychologist who is a professor at the Neuropsychiatricte at the University of California, Los Angeles, and who specializes in male-female relationships in her private practice.
MEMENTOS OF OUR RELATIONSHIP -- BOXES OF LETTERS, OUR WEDDING ALBUM, OUR SON 'S FIRST LOCK OF HAIR.
He concedes that the locket is part of the story of Monica's ordeal but says no one should suppose there was a cause-and-effect relationship between it and the cure. "
Perhaps I should recall here that my relationship with Ridder was different from that of the paper's other reporters.
the avoidance of orthogonal relationships, the central, pivotal mast as the one unifying principle, the tri-partite vertical organization.
naturally led to some difficult relationships between various elements, not all resolved satisfactorily; an example is the relationship between the large corner capitals and the miniature arcade above them, in which no convincing rapport was made.
The balance of payments is the relationship of money flowing into and out of the country, and low short-term interest rates induce money to flow out.
Because the parent - child relationship is less likely to be influenced by the child's sex, and chores aren't as likely to be sex - differentiated, she explains, " Only children are also less likely to be sexually stereotyped than children with siblings. "
The underlying ground for relationship quality is clearly the continuous physical textures of the body.24 The event quality of each successive perception becomes gradually enriched in a process called funding
Yet it would be a mistake to ascribe descriptions of the closeness of Anglo-American relations during this period either to Churchillian romanticism or to the isolated quality of the personal relationship between the American president and
Apparently the old man had adopted him, a relationship David didn't mind.
The Secretary said the security relationship is terminated. "
An even more important impediment to presidential control of the executive branch is the limited effectiveness of his political appointees in their relationship to the permanent civil servants (i.e., persons protected by a merit system which bars partisan or other political considerations in hiring and firing).
Then the U.S. could sever the umbilical cord that links us to Israel in a relationship that costs us so much money and gives us so much trouble in dealing with other nations.
trike down Jaws in the name of " lib'rty " or " property " generally when hey could be thought to bear, by ny stretch of the imagination, a raional relationship to a legitimate ocial end.
Then the relationship gathered steam and momentum, " Savage says. "
The ostensible purpose would be to establish some sort of working relationship between the mobs in control of the various regions of the country.
It is increasing my relationship with the Philharmonic to a lifelong one, and it makes me very happy because I have a lifelong feeling about them.
I have it from my closest girl friend, Madeleine -- she, uh, has a special relationship with Inspector Fontaine, who is the head of the Lourdes gendarmerie -- " " Yes? "
Mr. Levin is aware that I travel 60 to 70 per cent of my working time, which I think suffices for his various aspersions about my relationship with Lord Russell.
Conditions of life in the Soviet Union, where everybody is obliged to spy on everybody else and where hypocrisy prevails, does not allow anyone to take the risk of entrusting a single person with such a secret. "
But he cautions that there is " an exceedingly small risk of possibly great harm " in not maintaining strict quarantine procedures for the returning Apollo 11 astronauts. "
They contend that they have taken far greater risks for the sake
Still, the volatility may cause a shakeout among risk arb desks reminiscent of the one that followed the insider-trading scandals of the late ' ' 80s.
Even if you don't have a single risk factor, however, experts stress every woman is at risk.
more significant risk factor in women than in men.
These groups might have to reveal their closely guarded trading positions and their risk levels frequently to regulators.
Last summer when his daughter got married I took a huge risk by stealing a cake from Baked Goods and lowering it to him on an ad hoc dumbwaiter.
Says Sidney Jones, a professor at Georgetown University's business school: " The Federal Reserve is overreacting to the risk of what it perceives as an overheated economy.
Only a man or woman in love with God can be a fool without risk. "
Chronic mild exposure is still the biggest risk, " Coldiron says.
This approach is relevant to most IS/IT projects, although some, because of their uniqueness or sheer size, incur additional risks.
But the Clinton administration also took political risks to promote its broader free-trade agenda.
There is no way to get around it: the willingness to take risks, ask // questions, and make mistakes is a requirement for the development of // expertise.
For population groups at risk, the decline in meat consumption along with the shift to mixed dishes could be a concern.
There are certain risks to consider in regard to both jet boats and reincarnation.
Mangy companies, however, are now voluntarily offering comprehensive, medical pad - ments, uninsured-motorist insurance, collision, and even higher liability limits to their assigned risks.
This risk has grown as the scale of human impact on the environment has increased and has subjected natural systems to unprecedented perturbations.
Because so many people now recognize these risks, annual sales of handguns in California have plummeted by 71 percent, from 433,822 in 1993 to 126,233 in 2003.
Wilson, author of the Rush Medical Center study, said it's clear that keeping mentally active-reading a newspaper, attending a play-reduces risk.
From now on when we have a sexual encounter, we have one more thing to ponder-is it out of " hostility, mystery, risk, illusion, revenge and the reversal of a trauma or frustration? "
Wary Companies Another agent says companies have been wai y of new Negro risks since demonstrations led to xiolence here last May, but that the situation has worsened since the Sept. 15 blast " Two of my companies have already told me this week not to commit them on renewing any Neelo policies they already have? "
A high level of LDL is associated with increased risk of heart disease, while a high level of HDL is associated with reduced risk.
Others fear that " sex education may lead, if not push, their children toward premature sexual sophistication; and they are reluctant to take a calculated risk " (p. 62).
All of us knew the risks, but these -- these few paid the price for our mistake.
But industry critics contend there were ways to reduce the risk of transfusion AIDS nearly two years before the present test went into effect.
By creating a second brand, they can do both with very little risk.
The residents became convinced that they were subject to an increased risk of cancer
You should therefore adopt the portfolio shown above, which carries only about a third of the risk of the overall stock market.
In 1965, ABC was considering the production of a series entitled " Blue Light " through its wholly owned subsidiary, Selmur Productions, but after analyzing the risk of having to deficit finance the series, ABC contracted with Twentieth CenturyFoxto produce the show.
He saw himself on " Donahue, " talking about the dangers he had faced, the risks he had taken.
M (medium risk): contingencies need to be considered in case the risk leads to project problems.
Where opportunity in any is denied, the risk o f individual and social pathology increases.
The Navajo Indians of the region seem particularly susceptible, owing to their outdoor lifestyle, their sheepherding and their free-running dogs, all of which increase the risk of infection.
That's when a large clinical trial called the Women's Health Initiative (WHI) should finally answer the question " Do the benefits of taking estrogen and progestin for years, even decades, after menopause outweigh any risks? "
The gap has prompted some companies to take risks with executives who've not previously been chief executives.
Most adults know that there are certain risks to sun exposure, " Dr. Schachter says. "
him to dive, it might be worth the risk.
35 OR MORE POINTS: HIGH RISK Your prostate is a cancer magnet.
If the worst had happened, and the Brandr had patrols out looking for stray Halex -- well, it seemed a bad risk.
We are talking about risk taking, lots of risk taking.
In a preliminary study conducted by Johnson, Dr. Jasper Shealy of the Rochester Institute of Technology, and Carl Ettlinger of Vermont Safety Research, lessskilled skiers showed a lower rate of injury on super-sidecuts than would have been expected, considering that, based on previous research, they show a greater risk of injury on
Perhaps this risk would be worth taking if there were gains to be made against inflation by suffering a longer period of high unemployment.
Reducing the Risks in general, national Negro leaders have been pleasantly surprised by the South's pre-Selma reaction to the Civil Rights Act.
Every time someone takes an HIV test, it gives us a chance to educate them about the disease, engage them in a discussion of their individual risks and discuss HIV prevention.
You never know what you're going to come up against, " says Moira Mooney, senior risk manager for InterActiveCorp, which owns several online businesses. "
So what if it was a little risk -- everybody had risks to take for everybody else.
Strong evidence that colonoscopy is cost-effective coomes from Eli l, illy and (Company, the Indianapolis-based pharmutical corporation, which is conducting the largest community-based study ever of the test on people at average risk.
In fact, Gangwisch's research team discovered that women who snooze less than six hours each night increase their risk for developing high blood pressure by 70 percent, compared with those who get seven to eight hours.
He sees them as an absolute last resort because of the high risk to the hostages, but the negotiation's gone nowhere.
The customer doesn ' t realize there ' s a capital risk. "
He planted his feet solidly, pleading unsuccessfully with his soul not to let an inkling of his disappointment be exposed, not to run the risk of giving Joel extra gratification. "
Compensating For A Cash-Poor Position " The thing that keeps most black people from taking the risk of a business, " says black business advocate Dickerson, " is that normally they don't have enough money.
talent and no stars, he felt he had to take the risk -- and Saturday showed how serious these risks can be.
they now tend to prefer to divide the market between themselves as against the risk and uncertainty which would follow from the admission of new competitors.
(n98) In places such as Mexico City, Lagos and Caracas this could lead to the creation of " risk ghettos, " neighborhoods that are strongly vulnerable to a hybrid mixture of natural and technological hazards.
For example, at age 29 when, in the Foresters series, the probability of falling sick was lowest (curve F), the average duration of this smallest proportion of episodes had already increased to the point at which the risk of being sick was noticeably higher than at its floor.
let's not take even the remotest of risks. "
At the risk of egregious overgeneralization, the farmsteads of Western Europe might be divided into three broad categories as far as the placement of their barns is concerned.
The very foods that most nourish us - whole grains, legumes, and fresh fruits and vegetables -- also reduce our risk of disease, " says Elizabeth Somer, M.A.
do you know I could bring suit against the Board of Education and against you personally, are you aware of the risks you are taking in this ignorant haphazard -- ignorant -- asinine -- this incompetent manner you are administrating -- administering your duties?
television, and computer and video games coupled with cutbacks in exercise, physical education, and after-school activities -- all combine to put on the pounds, leading to obesity and an increased risk of type 2 diabetes.
The risk of failure falls the further you go along, and we were pretty far along, " said Fred T. Hadeed, chief financial officer.
Beyond tackling Gazprom's monopolistic power, a realistic energy policy for Europe would also seek to share the risks of any possible energy blockade equally among all Europeans, rather than allowing separate deals that leave others vulnerable to energy blackmail.
Otherwise, there is a risk of tipping unintentionally.
Moreover, when the individual takes the chance to obtain a potential medical benefit after he has been properly informed of the benefits and the risks he automatically shares responsibility with all * lose who provide and administer the agent.
Campbell asked, with almost deliberate gentleness, if, where Communism was concerned, it wasn't a good principleto try to minimize risk.
Being overweight increases your risk for a host of potentially deadly health conditions, including type 2 diabetes, hypertension, heart disease, stroke and colon cancer.
For some kids, innocent-seeming behavior carries enormous risks.
And up the Mississippi River is where you have the greatest tornado risk and the New Madrid Fault.
Investigators were surprised last year when preliminary evidence from the WHI revealed that taking estrogen with or without progestin slightly increased the risk of blood clots, heart attacks and strokes over a two-year period.
For the risk intolerant, the stress of not knowing what may happen drains the potential delight from any forthcoming event.
This conservative approach builds strength with little risk of injury.
Observation studies have found that breast cancer patients and people at high risk of breast cancer excrete less mammalian lignans than people with a lower risk of breast cancer.12 A study in Finland found that women with high enterolactone levels in their blood had a lower risk of breast cancer.15 These studies suggest that breast cancer may be more common in people who
She certainly suffered from dementia praecox and seemed to be arrested in that state between maidenhood and womanhood, when girls are most at risk of falling prey to their latent impulses.
They had taken a risk, trusted one another, pooled
The greater risk may be that the heavy-handed tactics could backfire.
sought, and the risk of an erroneous deprivation of the affected interest if those safeguards are not provided.
Almost unknown and unidentified as a risk factor in meat until the early 1980s, E. coli Ol;;: H7 has become the leading cause of kidney failure in American children.
Participants must be at least 35 years old, be post-menopausal (or have had a hysterectomy), and have an increased risk of breast cancer.
Furthermore, the NRC recommendation, because it is based on less than complete evidence and questionable logic, risks bringing medical science into
There is still some risk of being stereotyped as lesbians if girls participate in particularly aggressive sports.
A 49-year-old woman who is still menstruating has a higher risk than another 49-year-old who started menstruating at the same age but went through menopause.
The Cuban Missile Crisis, Israeli retaliation for Palestinian terrorism, giving sophisticated military weapons to Taiwan so they may fend off the threats of possible attacks from China, and United Nations soldiers who guard buffer zones between hostile countries around the world are illustrations of the risks all countries routinely take to maintain their security and safety.
If he wasn't Tsanko, she thought indignantly, then he must be a plain, old-fashioned burglar, and without stopping to consider the risks Mrs. Pollifax slid out of her bed and stood up.
In each case the network knows that there is no risk, and yet, in numerouscases before the practice was stopped, the network demandedand obtained a share in the profits that the producer might get from uses beyond that original network run.
Generally he was thoughtful, unwilling to offend even in a complete disagreement, and certainly a man who kept his own counsel -- unlesshorses were at risk.
@@5411 One of the downside risks of producing your own suicide is that you probably won't get the opportunity to reshoot.
The troubles with Hubble beg the question: What is an acceptable, informed risk?
Minimal " Obesity We've seen that obesity is frequently accompanied by major risk factors for heart disease and that the relief of obesity may help relieve these risks.
Better to expend all one's reserves here than risk passing below the station.
In the more subdued speech to a dinner meeting of the 125th convention of the B'nai B'rith at the Shoreham Hotel here this evening, the President said the Soviet intervention in Czechoslovakia had created " new military and political risks.
without first questioning the client about his/her financial needs, tolerance for risk, liquidity and the like?
Among preschool and school-age children, the risk of getting polio from Type III virus in its natural state is much greater, and the risk of getting it from the vaccine is almost nonexistent.
If the rich are free to engage in dangerous sports for pleasure... it is difficult to see why the poor, who take the lesser risk of kidney selling...
The fear-inducing publicity given to osteoporosis in women's magazines and calcium ads has created a demand for bone-density scans, when it is only necessary or appropriate to screen women with multiple risk factors.
Thus it was, in the case of Cambodia, President Nixon repeatedly warned the North Vietnamese that they would be taking " grave risks " if they attempted to " jeopardize the security of our remaining forces in Vietnam by increased military action in Vietnam, in Cambodia, or in Laos. "
The writer has seen as many as 2000 pigs in one unit in Sweden, but this is not recommended as the disease risk would appear to be higher in this country.
Curves representing the two risks would appear at different points on the morbidity schedule because the risk of being sick would count days (or weeks) per year and the risk of falling sick the smaller number of events per year.
Probabilities have a nasty habit of reasserting themselves when you are most inured to their risk.
The savages have been curtailed -- mostly.
When he did, his comment was concise and his tone savage. "
Not satisfied the savages would get what they deserved, the women descended on the port.
pot and torn to shreds at a cannibal feast he was scared stiff, poor man; and as groups of semi-naked savages shouted at us, flashing their filed teeth and waving their bows and arrows, he closed his eyes and slumped down in his seat.
Aside from one or two pleasant arias and one superb septet, there is very little in the Savage that suggests its composer's grand reputation.
Secretly mourning it, missing it through all the happiest suburban years, she had kept up with it like a scholar, building a red-book of it for herself even through all its savage, incontinent rebuilding.
The first question asked by one of the broad-shouldered savages underscored that conclusion. "
They begin to make love with a savage, animal intensity.
Then, between the years 185o and 188o, explorers like Speke, Livingstone, and Stanley braved the terrors of the unknown, torrid heat, terrible diseases, wild beasts, and savages; discovered the sources of the Nile; and made adventurous voyages up the Congo and Zambesi rivers.
It was to be his lucky tunic for when he traded with the savages, she'd told him.
A throwback, " his mother said, " to his ' savage ' great-grandfather. "
As Lewis says, " ' the given " for a particular sensory stimulus is... qualitatively no different than it would be if I were an infant or an ignorant savage '.14 But unlike the given, the brute element(s) in what an infant or an ' ignorant savage ' will perceive will often be different from what you or I, with our highly-developed and complex Western scientific conceptual schemas, will perceive as brute.
Saying: " Go to, Sir Jakes, your jest will be the ruin of my bowels and is unfit for all but savages.
/Eley Match SAVAGE MODEL 10 PREDATOR 413-568-7001; savagearms.com $691 F G VG E ** **** ****.223 Rem.
HUEYThe white power structure wants us to act like savages.
Rome, after all, was lost by a youth which disdaining to bathe in cold water, abandoned to softness, almost resembled our little masters in forsaking the physical exercise responsible for its strength and virtue '.20 The savage played the same role in this type of text.
In 1939 he wrote, My own view is that the negative and positive rites of savages exist and persist because they are part of the mechanism by which an orderly society maintains itself in existence, serving as they do to establish certain fundamental social values (in 1952:152; emphasis mine).
Instead, we despised others as savages or barbarians; as weaklings or strangers; as pagans, Muslims, or Jews, Protestants or Catholics.
's the savage I've run into who sees his totem in dreams or visions.
But before any explanation could be given, we observed the savages preparing canoes all along the strand and it was plain that now they intended to attack us in earnest, even as the men had feared.
defending themselves against savages who have been molesting them for a hundred and fifty years.
He pulled Arctic treasures from his trun -- otebooks of his journals, their covers curling at the corners, their pages stiff as pages that have been wet; a signed photograph of Commander Peary; a bone harpoon tip; three or four tins of unused te -- ncredible treasures in the North, but here in the parlor the embarrassing possessions of a savage.
For as the Caucasus Forcep597came to a halt in the wild mountain passes despite all Hitler's savage urging; as Rommel stalled at El Alamein, failed in two assaults, and at last underwentthe grinding assault of the British; as the RAF increased its barbaricfire raids on our cities, slaughtering thousands of innocent women and children and pulverizing important factories; as our U-boat losses suddenlyand alarmingly shot up; as the Americans landed in North Africa with world-shaking political effect; as all these chickens came home to roost, and Adolf Hitler's great summer flush of triumph waned, and the first cracks in his gigantic imperium appeared, the embattled Fuhrer felt a more and more desperate need for a prestige victory to turn all this around.
The girl had not heard Ted Tice on this note before -- savage as his inferiors, with a malice that blurred his virtue.
BOBBY turns around -- as much as he can -- and stares as though a savage or a madman had spoken.
On the eighth day we arrived at the delta and the region of the Caribs, all flooded now and empty, wherefore we saw no savages and were thankful for it, and at last on the morning of the tenth day we sighted The Destiny and The Good Hope lying along her, together with Griffiths's pinnace and the one Keymis had commanded, but mine own galleon, The Fortune, was not with them.
their blind ignorance they insisted that an attempt at time translation would consume so much energy that we would be left defenseless against the besieging savages outside our walls. "
The tradition that the earliest period of history is the best is combined with the logically independent tradition that the best period is that which has none of the accretions of civilization and, though no one really knows what primitive man was like, we have to find a substitute for him in savages and children.
The savage was not invariably idealised, but he was frequently made an example of rude habits and robust physique.
table, " Did you by any chance, a few years ago, see a moving-picture travelogue in which there was a tribe of savages moving through the jungle, singing a war chant? "
There were two nuns with Fuentes, and all three were taken alive; the sisters were later returned in a barter deal arranged by Yoyo, in which two women of Huben's tame Niaruna band were delivered to the savages.
PALFREY How could he know that Morton had strengthened the savages with guns?
But isn't it offensive to have the leading church figure in an area as big as this with a wife who was a short time ago a savage?
Half an hour later, when he emerged from a Librairie de Spectacle, a theater bookstore, Harry was carrying, as gingerly as any savage, his first Bible, a large, slightly used book with a glossy white cover, the reduced price in crayon across the upper right corner: " TRISTAN BERNARD
It shakes your foundation, he says,  to consider a broad range of works such as these, when what you're comfortable with is the idea of the ' noble savage ' or ' our little neighbor to the south. '
The bound man, loosed by the Savage for a second, struggled a little ways up from the floor.
| At the start of the auction, particularly if it was held out front and in view of the coy eyes of fanning belles, the glib auctioneer would meander through the crowd, spilling quick bon mots about slaves as a people, and the looks and ways of the savages that remained in the jungle.
He may be a savage and a heathen, but I have to hand it to him: he understands the theory of layers.
A green rocket hung its doomsday light above the trees, and their cheers broke out raucous as the cries of savages.
I considered, however, that we were a large party and well armed, and furthermore that it is never the manner of these savages to dwell inland but always upon the bank of some river, and thus I quieted my fears.
air of savage, myopic concentration he studied a screen in front of him. "
I mean we're not all savages like Cerrano.
Kubitschek also looks west, but inwardly: he proposes to populate Brazil's vast domain carved out by 17th century bandeirantes - half- savage frontiersmen-but never settled.
This curious, savage, reverse snobbery was one of the surpristes of my trip through Com -- munist Europe.
Gentle, savage, vulnerable, yet willing to offer a moment's trust.
In his mind's eye, lying on the bank, he could see the savages racing through the jungle, their naked bodies slathered with streaks of black and red paint, their seven-foot bows and five-foot arrows, their clubs, their blowpipes, and their spears.
My husband meant to minister to the savages. "
Now Wat sat upon the ground with the bloody corpse of the savage in his lap, but when he saw all about him the bodies of those who had been poisoned through Martin's cunning, he thrust the savage aside and, deeply grieving, took account of each man that had died.
@@267355 On the theory that hard liquor would only bring out the savage in the black man, South Africa's white bosses for years have sternly forbidden intoxicants to the Africans.
Either we're portrayed as the bad guys or there's too much noble savage ' nonsense.
And while I was encouraged to look back to the kraal, to revive the image of the noble savage, I was nevertheless expected to conduct myself in a civilized manner, to conform to the stereotype which answers to " boy. "
He might be on the enemy side, she thought, but he was not a savage like the Franks of her childhood.
Some of them are sweet ones who can fill your teeth with holes and make your blood run quick, but a man has to rub his face with ashes, beat a tom-tom to communicate, is the sort of person that Rousseau referred to as a singularly noble savage: Sorry you can't catch my drift, doll, sorry you can't get my wild thing but, see, I 'm a noble
Those who would say the savage never enters into the modern thought-system have to say we or our predecessors were never savages.
And there were others, a hefty blonde, middle-aged and hideously made-up; a skinny white girl who seemed to him sad to the marrow of her bones; a kinky-haired, buxom black girl who wore a white fur piece and looked somewhat like a dolled-up African savage; a fat white woman who always laughed loudly and coarsely; girls and women, pretty and otherwise,
They howled and danced like Thracian savages,  I told him, " with such a bellowing of bulls and men as terrified the tyrant. "
They were going into a great unknown, and so far, they had seen that unknown turn savage.
soft-yellow room; throw rug on the floor; colored pictures of savage and saint taped on the wall above her head.
It was so dark we had to traipse from one to another, never knowing but that the next might be occupied by some savage who might take the intrusion very ill.
That was work fit only for Greeks, Cubans, Hungarians, and other such ignorant savages.
Like Richard Wright, a boyhood idol, Leroy Poole had learned long ago that " there existed men against whom I was powerless, men who could violate my life at will, " and that their savage and unjust superiority must be combated, even unto death.
Do hurry and finish with the savages, wherever you go. '
As Lewis says, " ' the given " for a particular sensory stimulus is... qualitatively no different than it would be if I were an infant or an ignorant savage '.14 But unlike the given, the brute element(s) in what an infant or an ' ignorant savage ' will perceive will often be different from what you or I, with our highly-developed and complex Western scientific conceptual schemas, will perceive as brute.
Amergin was one of the first to notice, and he felt a sense of relief when he thought of the savage, slashing satire he might have composed, bringing down a chieftain before his time.
The poor woman herself opens the crate and out leaps this wee savage with an evil glint in his good eye. "
I don't care what the savage did, the law don't give a man the right to kill him. "
It's an out-of-the-way planet, classified as a frontier world but a long way from rude huts and alien savages.
We don't know that, " he repeated; but I had grown accustomed to their savage fights -- they no longer frightened me.
and I were the secret savages, swollen with pleasure at night, lean with restraint by day.
But perhaps because I am a savage and do not understand, the clatter only seems to insult the ears. "
Aristotle said that the solitary man is either a savage or a god.
There are times when I think we're all morons or savages. "
Tasha was a Tartar savage and Aria's slave, but ranked high in the Haram's unofficial hierarchy by being intolerably beautiful and insufferably sure of herself.
225); when captured, a savage is no more entitled to quarter than an entrapped wolf '.
The mention of a governing council seemed to amuse the savages.
Her father offers a peasant (George London) $100,000 to play the role, and the ersatz savage allows himself to be packed off to Chicago.
Matthew saw that the savage on his left was paying no heed to him, and he did what he never would have done if the lives of the two women had not been at stake.
A young woman to whom God has been unkind, Colman, how savage she can be!
p 198 " I don't like bein ' trussed up like a turkey, " said Lem, " a-waitin ' for one of them savages to slit our gullets. "
But we all know that there are leaders in the Middle East and Africa and other suburbs of civilization who are just as irrational and savage.
For months he had been trying patiently to indoctrinate Copper with a minimum of civilized habits, but she was quite literally a savage.
among a body of savages as in a herd of animals, or a posse of schoolboys.
That was the tough again, his voice gone savage. "
During the colonial period western European nations sought to impose their religions and cultures on native population, savages as
Like most American Negroes, struggling for status in a white society, he was unenthusiastic about kinship with a continent known for savages and colonial relationships.
29 -- 30) the question arises of what Evans-Pritchard thinks Levy-Bruhl does mean: If the mystical thought of a savage is socially determined so also is the scientific thought of a civilized person.
You've all heard what the creature Mylio is up to with the sword now -- raising those savages up to assault the human lands -- " Andvar shrugged. "
While the savages were drinking outside the door merrymaking in a hurry to get the poor old thing under the sods.
As a result, the savages were especially not to be trusted this spring.
CARNEHANDanny - They're savages here - one and all - leave ' em to go back to slaughterin ' babes and playin ' stick an ' ball with their heighbors ' heads and pissin ' on each other!
In the two months since his capture, Stone had already heard the story six times in its fullness, and every morning began with a shorter version as he and his classmates sang " Lost Glory " (" Our grandeur mourning, we watch a savage dawn unfolding ").
Andrew Sinclair wrote a book on the history of the idea of the " savage. "
The PREACHER approaches DOC SAVAGE who is peeling a banana.
But I'll tell you this: I'll do whatever it takes to stop these savages.
BLACK ROBE A Jesuit priest goes into the 17th century Canadian wilderness to convert the savages and is himself converted, after terrifying adventures, to cultural relativism.
Suddenly, bursting through the crowd, yelping and hooting like a movie redskin devil savage, your dad, the captain of all the squirts, jumps up on the railing beside Chief Soaring Eagle.
The princess, not accustomed to rebuttal from anyone, looked down her patrician nose at this ridiculous baldheaded man -- Baranov wore his wig only on ceremonial occasions -- and said haughtily, as if dismissing some peasant: Monsieur Baranov, here in New Archangel, I see hundreds of Aleuts and they are all savages, the priest's wife among them. '
compare savage with civilized, or compare the successive stages of civilization with one another, you find untruthfulness and credulity decreasing together; until you reach the modern man of science, who is at once exact in his statements and critical respecting evidence.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, " his war cry against boredom, and Jimmy, all crazy now, too, yelled, " More firewater, more goddamn firewater for us savages, " and he whooped and whooped but I said nothing, all wet now and still nursing my second beer and watching a few big suckers float belly-up in front of me, their tails twitching as they tried to right themselves, the slow current carrying them into the moonlight.
How can you possibly expect savages to appreciate Lord Tennyson? "
On the paved garden floor, the priest lay as if dressed in mourning, wearing the black of his trade, festooned now with multiple stab and slash wounds that outrioted the roses banked against the old stone walls.
p. 81 SAL HENRY (Feeling this as a stab at her lack of education.)
With each accident, ADs around the country feel a stab in the heart that it happened -- and a sigh of relief that it wasn't their schools. "
But cases like this one always leave me with a sharp stab of sadness for the innocent children involved.
Although the board has re-; fused to comment on the stab: * of its negotiations with Dr.j Gross.
His stabbing sword flicked out like a viper's tongue.
makes the wound fester; the mind, renewing the stab, causes it to bleed afresh.
Then she would squat there a while, resting, moaning at the stabs of pain in her knees and feet and hips, until she was ready to haul herself to a standing position.
With a quick, desperate stab of her spear she impaled it.
shrank on its own, a stabbing pain at the back of his head, now complete blackness, finally nothing, at last a dreamless sleep.
Slit throats, gunshot wounds, random hackings and blunt stabs, the bodied consequence of long, unimpeded descents down elevator shafts and factory staircases.
When at last she felt in full control of her limbs, she reached for the ignition, wincing at a sudden stab of pain in her neck.
Hunley had been a suicide machine, a hand-cranked boiler plate submarine, built by a doomed designer taking his first stab at naval construction.
Find out every little thing they found in that stab wound. "
You gave him the hardest one, " Stab said, sounding surprised.
But thought had nothing to do with the stab she felt at the center of
A KEENING SOUND builds to a wail- - THUD- LINCOLN JOLTS as something hits his shoulder, catching him off-balance, a stab of pain keeling him onto the rail - CLANG - LINCOLN SLUMPS INTO FG - TWO CENSORS converging like white ghosts from the purple haze - one reprimanding his recalcitrant cohort- # CENSOR # You asshole!
A young man with a thin mustache appeared to be pushing himself against this woman, and Megan felt a sudden stab of violation.
Jackson's royalty rate might not have been as impressive as her brother's, but in a halfhearted stab at discretion, her manager allowed that the singer's take was well in excess of $50 million. '
White made a fabulous stab, but tried throwing to third, hoping to catch Jackson rounding the bag.
She took a deep breath and arched her back, ignoring the stab of pain it caused in her pelvic region, and saw his gaze slide helplessly down her throat to her upthrust breasts, swollen for the baby. "
No matter, for the effect was the same -- a stab of burning pain into the very depth of Lapinabit's being! "
After dawdling for weeks, the Administration made an eleventh-hour stab at saving COLC, but the move was too weak and came much too late.
probably could have filled another, but I didn't want to try, I couldn't bear any more just yet -- the stab of joy, the possibility.
Only twelve miles to go, " he tells Tinkerbelle, whom he regarded throughout as " my dearest companion, " and then he adds: " The thought brought on a faint stabbing of pain. "
Chavez, who made a stabbing catch on Matt Murton when the sun was in his eyes in the second, lost track of Ryan Theriot's routine fly to right leading off the sixth.
Danton's Death is Buechner's stab at planting Hamlet in the middle of the French Revolution.
Emmeline felt a sharp and sudden stab of envy over that, an uncharitable emotion that she'd been able to subvert when she was sober. "
L and I felt elated; we would finish the musical and take a stab at a career!
Albert DeSalvo, 42, confessed " Boston Strangler "; of multiple stab wounds; at Walpole State Prison in Massachusetts.
I was riven with stabs of love for the circumstance of such a life.
One of the blacks uvolved in the shower stabbing was at the movie.
Mr. Clegg makes a stab in the right direction when he says that they
Their bodies -- punctured by 90 stab wounds inflicted with a hunting knife Drabing allegedly dropped outside the farm
He cut and cut and tried to run, dragging it after him, slashing at the stabbing tubes stretching for his leg.
Beneath her quilted robe and pajamas, she felt her nakedness and a sudden stabbing sensation in her nipples.
There you prayed over him with those black hats and robes on, undressed the frightened child, and began to stab him in certain places, twelve stabs first, then another making thirteen wounds -- thirteen each in the region of the heart, on the neck, from which most of the blood is drawn, and on the face -- according to your cabalistic books.
Her father was beginning to make a stab at understanding, but he still stood staring at her. "
And everywhere he took copious notes, his broad, tough-looking hands with the black hair bunched between the knuckles jotting down the endless numbers and percentages in his notebook with the same rapid stabbing motion of a blind man writing braille.
He pinched up the flesh of her arm, and at the slight stab of the needle she shuddered and said, " Ah, how delicious.
(She also has a conscience: guilt over this breach of theater ethics still gives her an occasional stab of shame.)
Denny brought these thoughts back into his workshop, these repetitious looping stabs at reason, all these variations on history.
He knew they were near Salisbury because he spotted the extraordinary, unmistakable spire of the gothic cathedral-a stab of darkness just slightly darker than the sky behind it-shortly before they stopped.
Therefore, a " stab wound " the size of a man's thumb is made in the patient's side and a hollow tube is inserted through the body into the kidney.
They minced and winced at the stabs of twigs and stones in their soles, until their tender feet were at last so full of throbbing pains that new jabs could scarcely be felt.
It had set off a sharp stab of memory that was humiliatingly physical in its intensity. "
He still felt queasy, and somewhat muddled too, with a slight headache lingering after that sudden weird stab of pain.
As if in recoil from this stab, she angrily turned, my pillar of cloth, and it was alarming, how closely her back resembled her front.
When someone scored, a cheer rose from the players and their crowd, and Allie turned her face straight up to the black sky, closing her eyes, tasting a love and safety she knew would never be duplicated, that certainty a sweet stab in her heart.
and I can't help but feel a nasty stab of fury in my gut, because Jonny's mother drank daily during her pregnancy, and took every drug she could find in staggering quantities.
As Epton mulls over another stab at the mayor ' s office, his thoughts always drift back to the media.
with his glasses and braces, this bed-wetter and sobber in his sleep, worried at age eight about his diet and already seeing a therapist, toward this small bundle of bones and anxieties, not at all the sort of grandchild he would ever have imagined having, Bernstein felt a stab of protective love such as he had never felt before in his life.
That would take buckets, carrying buckets of dirty water.... " Clara saw Rosalie's surprise and distaste, felt a stab of loneliness keen as ice, and said, " It's habit.
He was barefooted, of course, and carried in his hands only two things: his massive shield almost as tall as himself and pure white, except for a small black dot in the middle; and his stabbing assegai with haft two feet long and iron point one
Victim had throat cut olwn and multiple stab wounds in the genitals.
Hands were on him, probing a stabbing agony in his ribs.
He pulled himself upright, his spine unkinking with little stabs at each vertebra.
Johnson was in Sam Rayburn's face, crying out some terrible woe and emphatically poking the Speaker's chest with that stabbing forefinger.
Payson decided to take a stab at the upper end of the housing market.
She woke periodically to cough or because the ache in her hip felt like the intermittent stabbing of a knife, thrust deep into the joint.
They sat and backed up one step at a time, away from the stabs and swishes
She groaned against the white-hot stabbing that was moving into her legs. "
(Fanny, glances at Edmund, and feels a stabbing pain to see him smiling at Mary.)
I wrestled my backpack down, feeling the stab from my shoulder -- and suddenly remembered the thunk of that steel | knocking me down, back then.
If mankind is gone, perhaps new creatures will have a stab at fulfilling His will.
His face still watched the crowd, and now the sticks were raised again, the snow and ice striking the walls around him, a sharp stab suddenly in his chest, the heavy stick punching him.
Sure, I had felt Stabs of Envy (as any other Mortal Soul bath done), but always I seem'd to know that all the divers Destinies ofp284Humankind have their own Pains as well as their own Pleasures, and e'en the Greatest Lord who suffers no pecuniary Want, may be tormented with the Gout, or Devastation at the Loss of Love, and feel his Suff'rings as keenly as the poor Gin-soakt Beggar.
Sarah jerked her hand away, but not before she felt the stab of beak and the surge of adrenaline at the attack.
I did not care that my stab at this version of normality might be a little overt.
Martha saw with a little stab that someone had removed the bouquet of flowers from the chest where she had just put them; they were now on a small table beside Jesus.
Previous testimony has established that Miss Little was allowed out -- of her cell to make a phone call ' in the ' office the night before Allgood died: BECAUSE MISS LITTLE does not deny the stabbing, this testimony?
Instead of the smooth stroke Park had come to expect, however, what came next was a palsied stab, a slashing movement that sent the ball screaming past the hole, all the way across the green, where it disappeared into the thick collar of the second
And then the talkative friendly guard, Mr. Jones, felt a stabbing pain in his arm, in his shoulder -- it was killing him -- and he fell nearly dead.
Willy knew it was a stab in the dark, but if and when he managed to find her, he was convinced that she would move heaven and earth to help him.
force, the legislators made a forlorn stab at statesmanship.
And here is more audacity in the stabbing of Rintoul, " Houdon continued. "
If something showed up in it I'd be able to make a stab at getting a shot in.
His tone didn't suggest a man who'd been pining for me for months and had decided to make one last stab at winning my heart, but I was still curious. "
My father listened, but after a few stabs at advice (" You shouldn't be so concerned about the guy, just yourself "), he adopted a pose which I thought of as his film noir self: wrist cocked
When it looked like Brady would go in after him, Olivia threw caution aside and raced downhill, ignoring the stabs and jabs of anything that tried to impede her progress.
He made himself as small as possible, gritting his teeth against the stabs of the cactus and hoping the men would get past quickly.
Out in the corral with the men at roundup time stabbing steers with hypodermics and notching ears and clipping horns and branding even castrating?
I rub my scalp, massaging out a little stab of caffeine headache at my temple. "
When the eye-poking was done and the class returned to their seats, Stab raised his hand.
Imelys Samsores, 19, born of Mexican and Cuban parents, takes a stab at the question while batting away unruly red, green and white balloons - the colors of Mexico's flag - at a windy multicultural festival outside Miami. "
house arrest in New Delhi after calling the pact a " stab in the back, but early this week Prabakaran was released and returned to Jaffna after pledging that he would ask his commanders to disarm.
@@733578 txt ROGER LYNN MYERS, 11, who mysteriously disappeared from his Du Page County home March 2, was found dead Sunday with stab wounds on his body in a south suburban forest preserve, authorities said.
Their potted stab at tropical drama could not alter our long-held opinion that nature must surely he more subdued and self-effacing in this part of town than anywhere else on the planet; leaf and branch always wear a vaguely neurotic air when they show up here, as though they were prey to anxiety about whether they can sustain themselves in any meaningful relationship with the elements, or were smarting at being ordered sight unseen and lovelessly by fashionable decorators.
It will soon be over, he thought, and felt her impending departure like a stab of pain.
She vanishes with the stab of a thick little finger.
There was not a taxi to be had, or a light to be seen except for the stab of searchlights and the flashes of anti-aircraft batteries.
Two crimes supervised by Cesare that his ethically numb father could not forgive were the murder (by stabbing and drowning) of his brother, Alexander's eldest son, the Duke of Gandia, and the stabbing of Perotto, the pope's personal minion.
He felt a sharp stab of pain; then the cushioning of time and distance rebounded inside him, driving out all but a small, lingering ache.
Beau made a final stab at straightening his uniform, finishing up with a stiff bow, saying, " Lieutenant Eugene Beauregard Fontenot at your service. "
A stabbing, stinging, angry buzzing against my face, my cheeks, my tender exposed ears!
In a close-fitting dress of flamboyantdesign, all dolled up in a blond Hollywood wig, and swinging a gaudy handbag and hips, she had given herself away by making a brilliant one-handed stab on a near-miss home run lifted foul into the left-field seats by Big John, who, being perfectly sober, had swung late.
Sullivan, the same man who warned him he'd be prosecuted for going to Hanoi, and Sullivan made a stab at summing it up: I guess the lesson of all of this is that you have to destroy the opposition before it can rise.
President Perez took a playful stab at the layered sundae, then spoke casually, with an easy authority. "
Before then his life seemed to him formless and scattered, a series of stabs at a /5,), c ' 1, life.
This is a wild stab, but maybe it's Tylenol, " Keyworth speculated.
Stroking its great fierce head, he lifted the heavy antennae, still moist and curled, and let the creature taste the flavor of his skin until it was entirely under his command.
The attendants stroked and washed her hair with brewed nettles and poppy petals.
You must stroke an animal as lightly as you'd stroke a hummingbird.
, than the voices advised her, those voices at last returned like water in the desert, like manna in the mouth, honey in the horn of self, warm hands to hold hers in the terror and the cold, cold as the body on the stones of Gethsemane, the waters running out, the casting of lots, the dark and the noise of the soldiers: that pain is for all its magnitude a kindly figure as it strokes and strokes her body with iron claws, claws as clear as water, bright and hopeful claws to claim her and make her their own: just she and the shape of God itself, hammered to the stones and flying wood. "
Fighting to keep her breath even, she stroked the colt's neck. "
Joel grabbed at her as she was about to pull on her jeans, pulled her back on the bed, and stroked her arm. "
He stroked Yves ' forehead, stroked his hair. "
You must stroke an animal as lightly as you'd stroke a hummingbird.
Everywhere there was Representative Tom DeLay, House Republican whip, chief money pumper and master of the revels, who spent the week stroking donors in a series of private vintage railway cars, which just happened to be the defining perk of the robber barons of the last Gilded Age.
If I had thought ahead properly - " " You mustn't blame yourself, " said Chang, stroking the robot's lighted back. "
The woman stroked the dog's fur, digesting the information. "
Gently stroke thc lobe, maybe do a little soft blowing, " recommends Arava.
Handsome Uncle Nestor examined his mustache in the rearview mirror, stroking with his forefinger the black lushness of hair on his lip, and navigated the automobile with the barest touch of the steering wheel with his left hand.
Caressed her lips, stroked her mouth with his tongue until he heard her breath quicken.
Years ago, in secret, she used to stroke her own full breasts in her silk nursing nightgown.
He became tender, kissing the soft skin on the nape of her neck, sniffing its fluffy hair, tasting the salty sweat, his fingers lightly stroking her temples.
When the water pig made her dawn and dusk appearances at camp, she'd almost purr // when getting stroked by men, but when women tried petting her, she kept inching away.
He strokes the astonished Adler's hair affectionately and then drinks the director's coffee.
She lets herself think about starting to stroke his stomach, right around his belly button, where there is a soft tuft of hair.
It's not a trick,  she said, absentmindedly stroking his thighs, while he pointed his index finger and pretended to write with it across her breasts and then down across her abdomen. "
poncho and gauzy skirt and cut away her leotard and underthings and raped her, which given the kind of surreal clarity of sensuous discernment she was experiencing in her state of total focus imagine what this must have felt like for her, being raped in the gravel by a weeping psychotic whose knife's butt jabs you on every thrust, and the sound of bees and meadow-birds and the distant whisper of the interstate and his machete clanking dully in the stone on every thrust, she claiming it took no effort of will to hold him as he wept and gibbered as he raped her and stroking the back of his head and whispering small little consolatory syllables in a soothing maternal singsong.
Wipe off the oil and stroke a finger towards the edge on the other side.
Even remembering the excavations and the swarmed signs of contractors, even forcibly recalling the scores of families who were inside it going through their daily paces like tidy, trotting simulacra of each other, it was hard to believe that the whole organism had not been stroked from a lamp.
She stroked him, without looking at him, she was looking out to sea, and then from time to time at the man.
There was something almost sorrowful about the way he caressed her, big and angular though she was, the storm raging within them, stroking her head like that of a child who doesn't yet know that he's in for a major operation. "
He felt her fingers stroking him gently, reawakening the fires inside him.
We will simply have to take him along, " Cleophas decreed, stroking the now blissfully sleeping head. "
Her hands then flew to her own breasts and she stroked them up and down, her face pained and thoughtful.
from a pan, while Justine crouched beside them and stroked their tufted spines.
I think ofthat, as I stroke the side of her face, near the temple, where I'd have to put the bullet.
his wits, he suddenly produced his knife with which, turning the point upon himself, he made three short strokes upon the left side of his face and one long stroke along.
He reached over and drew her onto his lap, one hand stroking her hip under her running shorts. "
LOVELY MUSIC BEGINS WEAKLY, SHE STROKES HIS FACE IN RESPONSE.
Her sturdy baby blue chassis, the way her motor purred when my fingers stroked her, the steady rhythm of her
Now she strokes red, yellow, and brown pigments into a thick smear of white lead paint on her palette until it turns a pale flesh color.
As if she had conjured it, Cam reached for her wrist and began to stroke it with his thumb.
I took her hand and began to stroke it, and Irish began doing the same on the boy's soaked and shivering shoulder. "
Gladys stared at Elisha in his death chair, put her hand on his forehead, and stroked the hair off his face.
She looked down into Rina's eyes, her fingers lightly stroking her daughter's cheek. "
I have everyone's attention, all except the woman in the far corner stroking the sleeping boy's hair.
doctor curved his hand up to stroke the soft dark skin around its nostrils and spoke to the horse in gentle nonsense syllables.
She stroked his cheek gently with the back of her hand.
He gets so mad when I reach under and stroke that special place between his scrotum and his rectum.
If he does not come back (they are not divorced, not even legally separated), she knows she will never stroke a man's arm again, never tease
-- GEORGE W. BUSH, U.S. President, who turned 60 last week  I wanted to stroke him like a cat, and it came out in this gesture. "
Yet stroke has no pink ribbon, no symbol to remind us of the risk, to teach us to protect ourselves, or to remember the lives damaged or lost.
When she didn't answer, he stroked her hair and said that he would get it for her.
DEBBY KRAAZ (While stroking DAD) He thinks you don't want to talk with him.
I have nothing to do with composing the recipes, and now that Lowell has mastered the computer, I sometimes don't even " " Tell her about tracking down the powdered rhino horn, " Kathryn says, stroking the collapsed kitten. "
He strokes the strings like a drum, beats them hard with his hand, up down up down I turn the tape player up that's right and then you're down some more son better watch your updown and then you're turned around.
He sat at the foot of the bed and stroked his father's flinty shins.
She stroked his arm, and he shuddered again, but did not draw himself away.
the book from me and threw it across the room and sat down and took my head in her lap and stroked my face and hair.
With the best will in the world not to do so, Steve mentally stroked that skin with his gaze.
Fisher, " he said, reaching up to stroke his friend, " I have to go back and help deliver that baby now.
She and the nanny had always confined themselves to admonitions, and their own few stroking motions, from the shallow end.
She reached out cautiously to stroke the griffin's forehead.
I teased and stroked and manhandled the puss; he hissed, made to flee, flattened his ears, raked at me with claws concealed, gave in and purred when I stroked hisp181throat and belly.
Then exhausted, I leaned against him and he stroked my hair as though that were something Mother taught him. "
With one smooth motion, he slid facedown onto the center ofthe deck He pulled his arms through the water in even strokes, paddling away from shore.
it hit He chopped off his log withthe fury of a Greek god Nevertheless it took himlonger and much more sweat than Monsanto " Used to do this in a workgang in southern Arizony " he said, whopping one down that made the whole treetrunk danceoff the ground But it was like an example of vast butsenseless strength, a picture of poor Cody's life and in asense my own I too chopped with all my might andgot madder and went faster and raked the log but tookmore time than Monsanto who watched us smiling Little Arthur thereupon tried his luck but gave up afterfive strokes The axe was like to carry him away anyway Then Dave Wain demonstrated with big easystrokes and in no time we had five huge logs to use But now it was time to get in the cars (McLear had rearrived) and go driving south down the coast highway to a hot springs bath house down there, which sounded good to me at first.
She stroked his back, whispering, " Naoki, Naoki, " his Japanese middle name that she used when they were alone and whenever she thought of him.
Bellini ' s hands the aspect of an extended forum for touching, pressing and stroking.
99 British Agent The prospect of getting to grips with her husband excited her and as we said goodbye in the hall of the flat she stroked my cheek, adding: "
I started to glide in and out in short strokes.
He forgives me quickly - especially if I stroke him behind the ears.
I stroked its muzzle with the back of my hand and pulled out a rock that had lodged in its mouth with the broken teeth.
He strokes her hair, then looks up at me and tells me with his eyes to mourn us all.
I hold them in my hands, meet face-to-face the fierce gritted teeth and puckered lips of the Wind Blower, stroke his horse-tail hair.
The Pop If you're stoked to stroke, launch your boat from Ely, an old mining town that Charles Kuralt once called the number one vacation destination in America.
I91The Listenercouldn't live without that happiness, and Phil, and him stroking my hair on the pillow and telling me I was pretty and that I was all his love and there was never going to be anyone else.
His hands were quick and restless and stroked a folded newspaper on his desk as he talked with Jason. "
Standing in the room, one looked past the place of libation, winking with reflected firelight and candlelight, out into the cold rain that marched in slanting pencil strokes across the lawn and pelted the windows, and one felt as snug and warm and safe as if one were in the cabin of some stout ship at sea.
Cal, the lighter crew, got off to its usual fast start, rowing 40 strokes a minute for the first 500 meters.
Or of what charitable thoughts moved him to stroke the wet, black, bedraggled fur of a staggering, worn, and weary cat in an alley in Richmond days or weeks or even months before he died?
He was over to him in a heartbeat, stroking his neck and talking to him low, so he wouldn't whinny and give away their position.
Every once in a while he reached up and stroked the silver earring in his left ear.
the vertical folds of the slightly darker pull drapes, and reproductions of Wyeth watercolors lit by spots on track lighting overhead echo with scratchy strokes the same tints, and the same lighting reveals little sparkles, like mica on a beach, in the overlapping arcs of the rough-plastered ceiling.
She patted his head and stroked his nose with one finger, and offered him the rest of her bread crust, which she had put in her apron pocket.
The proprietor waved his hands, stroked his beard, and looked sage.
I longed to stroke the energetic handwriting of this first novel, which Dickens was working on when he and his young wife moved into this house.
Lindsay crouched and stroked the cat with one finger, trying to think of what she should do.
the desire to touch Jemma, bearer of her first grandchild, but she stood back, with Louie, while the other two patted Jemma's belly, stroked her hair, took stock of her visible health.
I mean I either stroke faster than I kick or vica versa.
, surrounded by shopping bags and stroking the head of the dead fox attached to the fur around her shoulders: Felicidad, his formidable wife, staring at him with the eyes of an assassin. "
Because Lucas, this man she loved, he would say, crying, his head to her breast, My father died, and she would say, holding him to her body, stroking his hair, I know, I know.
on the front stoop, stroking a blanket, shaking quietly and trying to rock himself to sleep at the height of day. "
Without intent, one hand closed upon his glass, the thumb drawing slowly upward, stroking the smooth, cool surface as though it were another's flesh.
She stroked them - and as with the first group, they stroked her in turn-tor about thirty seconds.
Kallner ruffled his forehead and stroked it with an upward gesture of ' his hand. "
For a moment he tries stroking with one arm, but loses his grip on the ball and struggles to recover.
Anna raised a doubtful eyebrow and stroked the cat, who rolled into a ball to keep from being bothered. "
tender contrition, he stooped and kissed her forehead, and stroked her damp, curly hair.
Petrescu, downcast, much troubled, nodding, stroked the fuzz of his fedora, stroked the dense hairs growing from his ears.
to her head and stroked her short, curly hair tenderly.
And though she knows I'll be stroking the checks, she always has to stop for the cheapest gas, even if it means driving out of her way.
He wagged his tail, splashing water everywhere, put a muddy paw on her, and when she bent to stroke him, he reached up and licked her face, and then ran away again as she laughed.
Some make only one hand movement, others stroke their hair.
He smiled as he stroked her hair and gently caressed her lovely face. "
His fingers stroked the air, manipulating symbols and menus I couldn't see.
Had observed, as he drew near, that her walk turned the progress of other women to a thump or shuffle.
My head hit the bricks with a jarring crunch and a pain which obscured everything but a solid thump to the kidney that one of my friends dealt me.
Its steady thumping told me there was nothing I would be unable to do.
There was another one of those liquidy thumps and then the sound of the hammer and then the whole thing happened again and again.
There was a thumping, however; Fiona felt this rather than heard it, pulsing in the pit of her stomach.
The factory sounds had already begun, the whine and thump of the
The silence was broken only by the gentle thumping of Duffy's tail against my loafer. "
The bus inched toward the barricade; as it rounded the corner, the dull thump of two land mines blew out its tires.
Perhaps the outraged sniffs and sharp intake of breath from behind prompted her to slap the chestnut steed's massive flank with a resounding thump, affording her stunned councillors the distant but grateful possibility that the Queen's remark was
Later than I expected, after seven, when my knees were about to give out, I heard the thump of feet in the churchyard -- someone had come over the wail.
Complaints diminished -- but so did sales, and the manufacturer eventually called in a noise consultant who actually eliminated the thumping.
Like a ski jump, Bullitt's Mustang takes off and flies through the air, landing with a sickening thump.
We went over it without trouble and landed again with a soft thump on the other side.
And you know how | cm things go, I couldn't tell if it was mostly her or me, hut soon I iI my face against her breasts and my thumps
But at last Number 99 crashed into a marble column accidentally-a muffin crumb had gotten in his eye-and he sat down with a thump.
The wind seemed stronger now that darkness had fallen, and Moira was conscious of thumps and scratching sounds, as branches and twigs were blown against the walls of the cabin.
That brought some thumping from the opposite side of the wall.
Every day I watch Celestine carry her yellow basket down the stairs, and I imagine the stairs rising toward me with each descending thump, and I feel my heart breaking under each thump of her big feet.
There was a sudden thump and I leapt to my feet, ready to run.
there was a thump from Vasily Tashikov, answering laugh ter from others, and with a sudden grin Terry amended his statement " whom some of us admire, will entertain me at a dinner in the White House.
From the hall she heard a series of thumps -- the twins ' suitcase, no doubt, being hauled up the stairs.
He heard the thump, thump of cannon firing. "
CORPORAL, twisted round in seat, looks back and then to RANDOLPH who has not moved, hearing the clump and drag and then the thump as MICHAEL grasps the tailboard; his heavy breathing.
another drink and stretched out on the front seat, and it was as quiet as if we weren't there, just the thump of an arm or leg hitting the steering wheel now and then, hardly enough top187disturb the night.
A few seconds later, a small, muffled thump caused all three team members to grin.
He had to have heard the sound of the slaps, the thump of the punches, the birdcall of my sobs as I taped myself up, swabbed myself off, put my pieces
The thumping was still going on, and when I first stuck my head out of the room, she motionedme to be quiet as though, in some odd carry-over from my dream, she too was trying to decode a message and didn't want to miss a beat.
GWENDOLYN turns to reenter her apartment.I'll go back to the bank manager as a real person in the real world The manacles suddenly drop to the ground with a giant thump.
Every day I watch Celestine carry her yellow basket down the stairs, and I imagine the stairs rising toward me with each descending thump, and I feel my heart breaking under each thump of her big feet.
(and goes) He shuts the domestic door with a final thump.
Every so often this muted thump was accompanied by a light shining out of a little window.
For some time, they had been hearing heavy thumps against the house wall: extra sandbags, the men said, being piled up around it in the event of an attack.
I heard a thump and rumbling in the plumbing, and in a moment or two a door into the back of the shop opened, and Sharon came out.
Maggie felt her heart give a little thump, in the hope that it would be Robbie. "
My heart thumps, my fears evaporate and I approach paradise.
Asha listened to the soft thump of footsteps as Electra walked barefoot down the hallway of the sprawling house.
It is a regional definition with an old-fashioned thump of authenticity.
whir whir thump whir " What -- what happened? "
An ashtray, one of those things with a shot-loaded cloth bag under it, flew off a desk, smacked him in the back of the head, and dropped to the floor with a thump.
But still it fought to live, dull heavy thumps in the white flying powder; a blood fleck seared his lip -- the wolf was snapping at the place where the stake pierced it.
A gas tank exploded with a dull thump; an automatic rifle opened fire in the distance.
In all the desert there was hardly a sound but the steady thump, thump, thump as Star Flower beat down the yarn with her heavy batten stick, and the cling clang of her father's hammer as he pounded a bit of silver at his small forge.
As Americans, transfixed at their television sets, listened to the muffled rattle and thump of the assault filtering over the phone lines of network correspondents holed up in a Tripoli hotel, the U.S. attackers delivered their lethal cargo of laser-directed bombs.
Motorbiking across his property to tend to a sick calf, Mottram suddenly felt a " horrendous thump " on his back.
clamor of shouts and laughter that faded so that I could hear under it the tom-tom thumping of amplified guitars, Beatles or such.
said Bug, landing with a loud thump on the plywood floor. "
I left the notebook beside the Castles on the seat between us and slapped the compartment door shut again, then delivered six redundant slaps to the same spot to ventilate my brain's pressure by reproducing the hollow thump I'd liked.
It | needed shouts and thumps and tears and laughter.
They could hear him hitting limbs as he fell, a series of raps and thumps accompanied by grunts and sharp cries of pain.
They heard a muffled thump outside the kitchen door.
That made my heart thump; it seemed preparatory to action, and I wanted action.
of apartment living, united with our neighbors only by the echo of our plumbing, our TV's and high-fi's, our inscrutable thumps, the freedom of not knowing if the woman upstairs had dropped something or dropped dead.
Another thump, softer this time, and a groan. "
As Stockman tries to explain, Woodie gives him a hard thump in the balls.
That night they'll attend a voodoo ceremony-women dancing wildly to the thump thump of beating drums; men decapitating chickens, painting their bodies with the blood.
Ceil sees him, is brought back to reality with a thump.)
The ears of corn thump against the snouts as they're torn loose, one and sometimes two to
Another moment and he heard rustlings, thumps, and splashes as the rope landed at the bottom of the crevice.
Doctors knew that the thumps and thuds inside the body could tell them a great deal.They looked for ways to hear these sounds better.
Susan took the water bottle in her lap to stop the irritating thumping, then looked out the windshield, away from Albert. "
Sounds carried through the hull; the howl of great winds and the thumps of explosions.
At night the riverbanks echo with the urgent thump of unseen drums and raucous singing. "
He pulled himself left, drew off, set up for another thump, this one better aimed.
The sound of breaking glass was followed before too long by a muffled thump from street level.
And after the shrill shriek of the brakes and the shattering glass, now the only sound was the disgusting, rhythmic thump of the air pushing itself out of the Volvo and to the river's surface in cartoonishly large eruptions.
He pushed himself away from the surface which reflected that dreadful thumping and went down the stairs, moving cautiously, not drawing an easy breath until he reached ground level and the Fish Speaker guard there. "
The thumping of his tail and low whine meant he was beset by my leaving.
The heavy thumping of his boots echoed along the walls.
When all you can hear above the dining din is a thump, thump, thump, wouldn't it be a good idea to lose the music altogether?
It is a prostitution worse than any poor French whore's submission to the pumping and thumping of a hairy Hun.
Rick felt the thump right on schedule, and now that the tower and its boost protection cover were gone he could see out the side windows as well.
HUNTER 'S SHIP - NIGHT (DUSK) Hawkins ' BODY impacts the floor with a THUMP.
A particularly loud thump shuddered the ceiling, and he jumped back yelling, " Shove it, you swine!
I fall into a soft bed of rotting leaves and I feel my life taking a deep breath and I 'm inside it and all I can hear is the crinkling and crackling of dead leaves and the thump of my life going on and on and on.
, light; it falls to the floor with a thump.
The clanging of its cooling pump was like the metallic thumping of a cat's tail as it hurled itself into its kill. "
I didn't hear no thumping but my own blood, no fiddle music and no feet stomping to it, no earthquakes near nor far, not so much as a weasel introducing hisself to
Behind me snow falls with a muted thump onto the crust. "
That night they'll attend a voodoo ceremony-women dancing wildly to the thump thump of beating drums; men decapitating chickens, painting their bodies with the blood.
The thump hadn't been playful, and her sharp gasp of pain indicated no enjoyment whatever.
A long moment ticked by, the tympanic thump of the squirrels throwing themselves against the mesh of their cages punctuating Grace's sobs, Vincent's protestations of innocence, and Mrs. Tranh's angry outbursts, and then Violet leveled a look on Jet and said, " We'll need to see your insurance and we're going to have to call the police. "
has crushed her; he hears the thump of the log landing on her, hears her cry-What was that?
The thumping had started again; someone was banging on the wall.
He indulged himself in it, as well as in the thickened thumping of the pulse in his temples.
Through the layered shadows of our house, he roams all but invisibly, his presence betrayed only by the thump of his big paws on the area
in his pocket and takes it out for air, holding it in his two cupped hands where its shape and weight and beating thump make him feel like he holds a live heart.
mercy... " Abruptly then, in a prolonged and dwindling little sob, the voice died and all was silent, and I could hear nothing but the piping of frogs in the millpond and a dull thumping of horses against the stable stalls and the sound of my own heart racing madly, so loud that I thought surely it must be heard above the soughing of a night wind in the sycamore trees.
She is marching now, thump thump thump in the rocket shoes.
A heavy thump on the floor below the lock followed, then a hard click as the lock closed and complete darkness returned.
It made my heart thump to hear anyone say it, especially Emily, who, according to Mother, was able to pronounce it perfectly the first time she had heard it: cystic fibrosis.
A weight dropped, crashed downward, then pounded aside at the last moment under the synchronized thump of a sudden force beam.
The interior of the club is toweringly loud, noisy enough to make the ears bleed, but suddenly the thump of his heart, already driven hard by the strength of his magickal invocation, is louder.
(There is a loud thump, as if a body had been tossed onto the ground.
column of water collapses, and, with a thump, disappears into the lake.
BRIEF CUT BACK TO DOG MARKET In a shostly shadow-play, accompanied by far-off snarls and growls, and one last muffled thump of the club, we see and hear Red Sweater breaking one more dog: which one is unknown to us: just a new arrival.
And in her father's store, she'd tie her apron on, feel the cool coins between her fingers and the satisfying thump as they would drop down in the till.
His father fit the cover on the tub, a dull thump of wet wood on metal.
And Zelda listened and at first there was only a creaking of wheels down in the dark, like crickets, and then a moan of wood and a hum of piano strings, and then one voice lamenting about this job, and the other voice claiming he had nothing to do with it, and then the thumps as two derby hats fell, and an exasperated voice announced: " Here's another fine mess you've got us in. "
Eric Dickerson ended his 46-day holdout in midseason form, ripping Seattle for 150 yards and three touchdowns in a Monday-night 35-24 thumping of the Seahawks.
10: 40-10: 45 p.m.: While talking on the phone, Kaelin hears three thumps on the wall.
He took a hold of Evalina's long braid and tipped her head back.
Office Sheriff Blood entered the command tent and tipped his hat to the agent at the first desk, telling her who he was.
muscles worked: buttocks, quadriceps and hamstrings sports applications: in-line skating, hiking, rock climbing, rowing, bicycling TRAINING TIPS * Inhale as you squat.
Tipping her head to one side, she gave Mary a small smile. "
Brown offers tips on which types of vintage chairs work well for the summer and how to get started.
Mike Quincy, the head of a conglomerate, was a raider who bought companies and illegally tipped off his friends when to buy and sell the stock.
Sidebar Technique tips Sidebar These treatments work best on untextured walls.
TO SAVE $$$$$ TIPS ON MEN 'S AND BOYS ' SHIRTS 1.
Every day, investigators follow up on four or five tips that, so far, have yielded few results, Long said.
INSERT CUT: Young bruce on Thomas's shoulders- thomas TIPS back, threatening to drop Young bruce who LAUGHS and LAUGHS.
If you know what's going on, you ought to tip us off. "
At L.A., athletes left pins as tips for their Olympic Village hairdressers.
A little before five o'clock in the morning, one of the beer bottles tipped over, hitting him on the right ear, waking him.
In addition to this day of relative peace in Iraq -- reported attacks were well below average -- the Dec. 15 vote bore another marked contrast to January's violent election day: Sunni Arabs didn't boycott this time and instead turned out en masse, with the hope of tipping the scales of Iraqi political power.
How I used to tip back my head and stare.
Jackie opened his eyes and saw his father still standing in the yard, his hands on his hips, his head tipped back, face to the sky. "
Though the public phone was in plain view of the sergeant's desk, the book had been stolen; when Eva tipped the apparatus up, only a scrap of paper clung to the rod inside the plastic binder.
His occupancy was illegal, the lower floors of the building being zoned only for offices, but a landlady with no vacancies a couple of blocks away had tipped him off to the nice Italian owner here, who told him he could have the room cheap and not to worry.
Some traders ventured that the conference could help tip the scales back in the pound
Bathsheba's throat closed hot, and she blinked back tears as her mother rose and came to her, turning her around and tipping her chin up
The metal floor tipped back to topple the figure into the tub, while the drains reversed to become gargling tributaries.
They push and push and push together until the bus tips over and there is huge dust cloud.
He lurched suddenly against a table, tipping it just sufficiently so that a pot of black ink began to slide toward a pile of pristine papyrus lying on the floor. "
You tip him and put the luggage in a taxi and drive a few blocks to your hotel.
The tail was tipped over, like a fallen outhouse. "
Whichever tether you choose, keep these safety tips in mind: To avoid the risk of strangulation, never leave your child unattended when he's wearing the contraption.
Pull your left foot in beside your right foot and tip it toward its little-toe side (Fig.
He paused, thought it over, and tipped in a second capful.
Once I came home from driving the hack and Enid was tipping a bottle of liquor straight up. "
Sleepy lady, " Irma said, taking the small face between her hands and tipping it up to her, then letting it sink to her lap where she covered it with her hands. "
As far as anyone knew for certain, the snitch who tipped off Sneed was never discovered.
Bare feet on the deck, cat behind her, hat tipped down over her eyes.
tipped the porter, left him to return the airport's borrowed wheelchair, then slammed closed the car trunk and opened the front passenger door with a flourish. "
she can describe, it's where she's been, so far away and without him -- in the charred attic, the tipped basement, where red columns try to shore up a house that will stand for as long as it wants to and fall when it wants to fall.
The existing crop of restaurants tipped heavily toward white or black; they were not truly integrated. "
To turn onto either side was to tip himself toward the edge of a chasm; to roll over onto his belly was to risk drowning in the oblivion that bubbled up from the darkness heated by his own body.
SCENE 64 - MCS PAST A WOMAN, TIPPED IN L.FG.
TIP Invest in a few solid shirts, a cashmere V-neck, and a textured cardigan.
Northern shovelers feeding on duckweed float with their heads submerged and their rumps tipped up.
So it came along on a gold spoon, one from another, and I handed it to the Queen, and then she tried to tip it out on the Prime Minister's shoulder, most gently... " But let American involvement end with dinners and ladybugs.
It was an arrow of the old days, feathered with red hawk tail and tipped with chipped quartz.
If it's cramping your taskbar, check out alternatives for getting to the desktop (see " Better Ways to Your Desktop, " Windows Tips, June, page 285).
Nelson sits on the floor, his head tipped back, a can of beer cold between his ankles; he has shared two joints with Pru and the little holes in the ceiling are trying to tell him something, an area of them seems sharp and vivid and aggressive, like the blackheads on Manny's nose the other day, and then this look fades and anotherp322area takes it up, as if a jellyfish of intensity
be able to adore Tip the way I wanted him to.
The power of the local voice to tip the curve now seems miniscule, insignificant.
@@491637 " Tip O'Neill can communicate more with a wink and a nod than most politicians can in a two-hour speech.
He stared at her for a long time, hoping that something in her eyes would tip him in either direction. "
He tipped her head back, forcing the potion down. "
I recalled being set out to play on a vast buffalo hide, then, made drowsy by the sun, tipping over and sliding into sleep.
Some violent swerves back and forth on rain-slick asphalt failed to get the XC 90 sideways, or allow it to tip, so the system seems to work as advertised.
He tips the chainsaw as a gesture of farewell.
You can't use normal channels to investigate for fear of tipping off a mole.
No, if you take a man in a loose parka and tip him sideways with a shovel in his hand, the shape that remains is strange but familiar: a human form, hooded and cloaked, and in his merciless grip the tool that spares no one, the scythe.
A hen's breast feathers are tipped with brown.
The b'hoys had a " rolling gait " and " surly manner, " wrote one historian, adding that they usually wore a " shiny stovepipe hat tipped over the forehead, soap-locks plastered flat.
I would have tipped my hat and gone home.
A glance at Kasten's spectacular record in Atlanta tips you off to what they'll be -- the certainty of short-term pain for the sake of increasing the odds of long-term gain.
Tip: Some riders like to tilt the nose of the saddle down slightly (1-2 degrees) to avoid numbness in the nether regions.
Robert J. C. Butow describes the dire situation as of the end of 1944: //... the scales of war had been tipped so steeply against the Japanese that no counterweights at their disposal could possibly have balanced them.
It was a Soviet agent who tipped us oil about Yates. "
Manning helped devise a White House spy network that would give him tips about what L.B.J.
Among other government figures, women rated House Speaker Thomas P. " Tip " O'Neill, Jr., more influential?
Meanwhile, the Proprietary Association, a Washington-based organization that represents the nation's major pharmaceutical manufacturers, unveiled detailed proposals for packaging that would clearly tip off the consumer when a product has been tampered with.
Mills says parents can learn a lot about what children are capable of and pick up equipment tips as well by taking their first few hikes with a group.
teams were supposed to lay prostrate before the Los Angeles Lakers, tipping their hats to Karl Malone and Gary Payton for surrendering millions of dollars for a chance at a title, and to Coach Phil Jackson for winning a record 10th championship.
The two men grappled, grunting from each other's blows, and the longboat tipped first one way and then the other.
Ravens the size of large cats tipped the branches of a nearby oak.
History tells us that two things happen to a man who docs not tip his cap: a) he is booed; b) he becomes manager of the Texas Rangers.
Pre-production problems tipped the committee toward the choice of sticking with Panama.
LET THEM EAT CO2 THE NATURE OF TIPPING POINTS is that they happen dizzyingly fast.
They absolutely bite when it comes to gondolas, whose ski holders were designed for flat tails, but you try to thrust your twin tips in anyway and one goes in but the other can't fit so it falls out, and, while the gondola moves relentlessly toward lift-off and the lifties shriek, you jam the other ski into the snowboard bin, where it clatters to and fro and bangs into lift towers all the way up.
You couldn't just tip a little more into this glass?
The sumacs ' fingers were already tipped with red, and the grackles seethed each evening around the firs on Rust Island as they mustered before moving South.
No matter how fast he ran or how high he jumped, he somehow always tipped the one that somebody else had cleared.
TIPPED BY A CABBIE To THE EDITOR: I hasten to correct a wrong impression that the letter of John Rentauk might have left.
THE JEEP slewed around in a tight circle, so quickly that only the ballast of several enthusiastically inebriated colonials kept it from tipping over on two wheels.
Event stylist Colin Cowie shares smart meal-planning tips: For an easy-to-make egg dish, toast sliced bread.
Included are all the standards (speed, average speed, maximum speed, tip distance, odometer, auto stop/start timer, average speed indicator and clock).
He had on a straw hat, and he tipped it as the car pulled away. "
LABOURERS tip their caps to the FARMERS who have hired them.
A foreign service officer in the consul's office saw to it that Tony Lake was tipped off.
Now he was no more than one hundred and ten pounds and I was tipping the scales at about two twenty five needless to say I was reluctant. "
He had his visor tipped back and she could see the hard cold sheen in his pale blue eyes, glinting like dangerous ice in the spring.
But one does not tip the pilot, because he generally earns more money than the passenger, by quite a bit.
The Martin 404 propeller craft tipped suddenly and went down nose ' first in mud at a point where work was being done to extend a runway and relocate a road.
Nineteen federal, state and local law enforcement agencies are examining Katrina aid payments for crime patterns and investigating fraud tips from the public.
I would've liked to tip back my head, but I dared not take my eyes off Barnes.
The guards at the Governor's mansion recognized him, of course, and duly tipped their hats.
So I tipped all the men off the board.
And in fact, in that position, shafts tipped in air, he somewhat resembled an unharnessed cart or
Seth swerved so that one of the mirrors tipped and scratched Mary's arm. "
, assitant professor of medicine at the University of Maryland, to tip those scales back into shape: * Drink it off: Alcohol is very deydrating, which is a big part of why you feel so rotten.
Spread like fingers, primaries tip the bird into the wind's plane.
He tipped the basket against the platform of his left hip.
Tip: If you want to avoid the weekend lines, try to get to Rip's before 7 p.m.
But the tight-lipped loner never tips his hand about his motives -- because he isn't sure what they are.
Fishermen can lengthen the distance at which the lure remains at maximum depth by holding the rod tip low at the end of the retrieve.
If you fix your gaze on one point (like your ski tips) for too long, your focus system can become " stuck, " so that when you look at a distant object, your eyes can't interpret information fast enough.
look at me would certainly tip the tumble to ' Arry. "
I didn't have no hat left to tip and no shirt to my back and must of looked a sight, but Mother Bastion never even blinked. "
At first the sound seemed generalized, permeating the air, but I determined that it came from the creek, more specifically from that portion of the creek that disappeared into a thicket of squat shrubs and crooked trees brandishing new, pale -- green leaves.
Not only is it the season of the equinox, but already the fresh chill gradient winds of autumn have tinted the trees of Newport.
So, on one bank of the river grew the brier rose, a fragile thing, swaying on a slender stalk and looking at its pretty reflection in the water; and on the other a sturdy pine tree, well rooted against wind and storm.
@@4318 I was three, no more, when I spotted for the first time the paleness of his shirt moving like some small ghost against the darkening trees.
PILCHUCK GLASS SCHOOL In 1971, with the support of patrons Anne Gould Hauberg and John H. Hauberg, and a $2,000 grant from the Union of Independent Colleges of Art, the glass artist Dale Chihuly founded the Pilchuck Glass School on a tree farm in Stanwood, Washington, an hour's drive north of Seattle. "
I N THE WOODS near the road he and Mark lay face down in the shadow of trees and looked through branches and brown needles of a larger fallen branch of pine; Mark had dragged it from deeper in the woods, where their bicycles were chained to a tree.
Marti's car crashed into a tree and then overturned for a last time, remaining on its back, the wheels spinning like they were part of a monster lottery
The sloping bajadas are studded with forests of towering saguaro cacti, and the washes are lined with palo verde and mesquite trees.
The expert map reader, like the expert score reader, may be able to tell fairly exactly what sort of country he may expect to find, but he can not possibly experience the beauty of the trees, the intense emotion of a wonderful
The manager wanted the trees for a display at the main entrance, and Carl had to talk him out of organics.
Since our ammunition boxes are still full, we have targets to strafe -- long wooden buildings surrounded by palm trees.
Where there were trees I slid from one to the other on the downhill side of them.
A growing number of businesses now manufacture furniture made from plantation woods-even rare tropical varieties like teak and mahogany-that aren't from forests but from well-managed farms with the sole purpose of raising trees for lumber.
I don't care if you shoot the damn thing upside down, sideways or hanging from a tree -- it's up to you to do it!
Then they would slowly make their way through the thick woods -- HORTON And in the thick woods we could fight them Indian fashion from tree to tree.
At almost the same time Mackintosh was designing wroughtiron versions of the Glasgow coat of arms for the nearly completed Glasgow School of Art, where the same motif of a bird in a tree predominated.
He sat propped against a tree, his legs splayed before him, telling his story: he was infected six years ago, while planting coffee near the river; the itching kept him from sleeping; that, in turn, kept him from working; one of his children took care of him; he could still see well enough to get around, but he worried that his eyesight would get worse. "
Taking instead of giving; and by his taking, leaving me light as a feather, about to float in a minute to the top of the world's highest Christmas tree.
Even the trees looked uncomfortable, naked and embarrassed, as if they were all simultaneously having that dream in which you look down and realize you've forgotten to put on your clothes.
On the way, the trees did not burn.
FOCUS ON THE SMALL THINGS Use a camera to search for and capture signs of springa tiny bud on a tree branch or the hint of a purple crocus.
But there is no charge for rent or utilities, and if the location is less than ideal -- beneath an overpass at the edge of a San Francisco parking lot -- at least the two snug, waterproof plywood structures are nestled among fragrant eucalyptus trees.
They are headed toward the blackened, ruined oak tree at the edge of the woods.
The next two to four weeks is the optimal time to walk among the gold or red trees and reddening grapevines.
You ever notice that trees do everything to git attention we do, except walk?
To put some of the comfort back into apple consumption, two young California entrepreneurs are providing a rent-a-tree service that allows city dwellers to raise all the fruit they can possibly eat and also enjoy the pristine pleasures of watching trees grow, blossom and yield.
His black Jaguar crouched off the road a bit down the hill, and he sat between it and half-a-dozen plum trees.
His face was stricken in the light of a new flare, and as suddenly as he had come to object, he left, plunged back under the trees to seek his people, be beside them, comforting them when disaster struck down.
They'll have used up all the trees making their tons of wastepaper. "
Then Franny and I had to restrain Frank from going on and on with his banging cymbals; it seemed that the sound might kill the trees and drive small animals from the forest.
TREEHOUSE - SAME TIME We watch over Kenny's shoulder as Leonard falls from the treehouse, smacks his head on the tree trunk and comes to a crash upon some rocks.
trees of any sort, particularly during a storm.
That's her cabin -- just there, beyond the spruce trees. "
A partial list of her tree themes: mice, Winnie the Pooh, patriotic, Disney, The Wizard of Oz, outer space, folk art, religious, Peanuts, copper, fairies, birds, Eskimos and polar bears, three blown glass trees, four angel trees, three Santa trees, two snowman trees and four animal trees.
They walked out of the flower-garden and stood under trees, looking on the valley.
Still, it Look much longer than she hoped, and when she broke out of trees at last on the edge of the grove with the naked road on her left and Mr. Isaac's before her, she all but ran the hundred yards to the porch, and the pounding of her feet on dead earth flushed waves of screaming guineas into pecan limbs.
My assurance had faltered halfway through the year, and by the time the trees in the tiny park were in dusty leaf I was certain it wasn't going to work.
At Tucson in 1901, A. E. Douglass began looking at trees for old weather records.
Soon they were under the cover of the tall trees, and the footing improved, allowing them to climb the slope without sliding or grabbing for branches.
Peter moved slightly away from the tree, just enough to expose his presence, and then (prickly popped back.
A home, like my mother's, that would come alive at Christmas with a roaring fire and a tall, sparkling tree.
IRENKA Well it would have been impossible if the trees had still been standing.
Another time we were hiking when we saw two small cubs run up a tree just like in the movies.
From the silhouettes of the trees lining the lake-like expanse of the river, Jason could gauge their speed.
Three days later, when the backs of his legs were aflame with the rash and massive blisters, he realized that once upon a time, poison ivy vines had thrived on the tree's bark, leaving behind-you guessed it-lots of urushiol.
KOSHCHEI enters carrying a small tree with golden fruit.
The funnel-shaped fruit-bodies are a pale to golden yellow color and always come up from the ground, never from tree stumps or roots.
Bulkin stopped next to one of the trees and pasted a yellow poster onto its trunk.
Directly outside the window, a squirrel on an oak tree shook the Spanish moss, which resembled gray rags, and the classroom resounded with the dry little noise.
I stood there in the heat, staring past the car at the road, two narrow gravel ruts and a hummock of wire grass winding away through a sunshot dapple of tree and scrub.
There were no mushrooms after all, only a small boy, curled up asleep at the base of a tree, his grimy face streaked with tears.
SWITCHBOARD ROOM - DAY Perched on top of the switchboard is a small decorated Christmas tree, and the operators are dispensing holiday greetings to all callers.
Once a carefree tomboy climbing trees and riding horseback on her father's farm, now that she's famous she's imprisoned by a paralyzing self-consciousness which makes a public appearance, or even a shopping trip, something of an ordeal.
LIVING ROOM, CAROLINE 'S HOUSE - (SAME TIME) The light of a silver Christmas tree - Michael is sound asleep in front of the TV, thumb in his mouth, on the couch in his pajamas, ski hat and coat.
As he thought this, something moved way back there among the trees where sunlight angled in wavery golden patches surrounded by green gloom.
Scientists have found that the young trees on plantation farms absorb more carbon dioxide from the atmosphere than older forests; so plantation forests help combat the greenhouse effect.
Churches go up in flames, men are set on fire in their castles, tiny firing squads claim victim after victim, a man is broken on a wheel, 21 corpses hang from a single tree.
Stepping quickly behind the bole of a large tree, Bull waited in silence.
She touched one of the cactus trees, outlining it slowly with her finger.
Some of the sequoias Clinton preserved in the 328,000-acre monument are only the third generation since the last Ice Age, part of a family of trees that has endured fires, earthquakes, storms and every change of political leadership since human history began. "
behind a tree, the lever off and counting before the first barrage ripped into it.
The men ate quietly, then returned to the whiskey under the shade tree.
If they were made by a rope holding a boat, there ought to be another tree with similar marks at the other end of the cove.
The brittle twigs of a large, bare tree scratched at the sky.
The tree could not know of its coming fall, although man could discover it if he happened to examine it.
terrain changed immediately, from the green and trees of the other side to red rock, sand, and low scrub.
Shadows from the fire leaped and danced like pagan phantoms among the black trunks of trees.
Morning found them in a rich country with rows of stately 1 trees along the banks.
They were five, standing togetherp239just at the edge of the trees with grinning faces.
I stumbled from tree to tree, saw a flash, lost it again.
The great hulk of the mountain soared above us, pale brownish-purple with hare trees and underbrush, which in places, high up, turned to rock, crinkled like elephant hide; at the peak, more than a thousand feet over our head, the sun was a light-colored disc in haze, almost touching the tiny, fuzzy treetops.
There was a half-mile of shoals and then the big pool and tree swing.
That first day, Marcie moved them farther and farther apart as the sun angled down through the trees, and I wouldn't back down, even when the wrinkled skin between my toes bled.
I don't think we need lemon trees A lemon tree's a waste When artificial lemonade Has such a lovely taste We've got Sodium bicarbonate Fumaric acid We'll try Not to get The measurement wrong It's all Calcium Disodium Propylene Glycol In the Artificial Lemonade Song We could put in a banana That would really hit the spot But I tore up my banana tree To build a parking lot We could sweeten it
As I'itoi was thinking these things under the cottonwood trees, he looked up.
The fruits of the forbidden tree are, of course, death.
The town of Fitzgerald was founded as a refuge for soldiers from both sides, and the streets were named either for generals, battleships, or southern trees and rivers.
Boys with missing teeth, their faces smeared with red Popsicle goo, their beady little eyes laughing at her as they lured her behind their house to see their new " puppy " and then lassoed her to a tree and hung her upside down.
At some point in its travels from its birthplace in the Malay Archipelago, perhaps many times, the breadfruit was cloned from the rootstock of specially desirable seedless trees.
ELIJAH I will build a tree for my crow.
Sandford Road is a busy Dublin thoroughfare, but its early-19th-century detached villas are set back from the street and surrounded by trees, creating an almost country-style landscape.
White and pink roses and drooping tangled vines and espaliered pear and peach trees heavy with hard young fruit draped the great stone garden wall all the way to the dark back corners.
the concrete palm trees out front, a favorite drink is root-beer schnapps.
As Christmas trees glow and snow falls outside the playhouse's massive windows, night after night Dick Boyd stands in a receiving line as people wait to shake his hand, get his autograph and, yes, give him a hug.
forestlike fringe ahead was the grass at the foot of a cashew tree.
Some of the cobbles there seemed to be covered with moss of different colors, which birds were carrying strand by strand up into the trees.
The nearest he'd seen to anything like this was a line of maple and beech and hickory trees after the first hard frost had hit them.
The rest of the letter was about the Raniers ' home out in the country, and how much Natalie wished we had a house, and how sometimes she thought that I was not the best man in the world but that someday we were going to live in a house with a tree in the yard.
SEEING: THE HUNTER, clinging to a side of a tree, flushed bright crimson.
on dry earth, small trees with dark leaves and clumps of green fruit -- olive trees, said his own voice in his head -- a dusty road and soldiers marching in puttees and canvas webbing, bolt-action rifles slung from their shoulders. "
There were no birds, but we kept an eye out for the trees, the rocks, and the rills.
It is noontime of a spring day; this you can tell from the light, and from the blooming flowerboxes and trees on the penthouse roofs of the buildings behind, and by the cool spring dress Celia is wearing.
And the chinaberry tree that gives no shade, not even a moon shadow -- when it put on berries its leaves gave all their strength, and now they hang weakly among the wrinkled berries, things about to evaporate; and beneath the tree is dust, the roots scratched bare by the dog, and now the dog lies among the feathery rootless imagining that he is cooling himself, but he pants, and he is as hot and dry as the galvanized chain that attaches him to the tree.
CMH clients undergo an extensive safety orientation, including the use of avalanche transceivers (to help pinpoint rescues should someone become buried), helicopter protocol, actual trial avalanche searches, and avoiding naturally occurring hazards like crevasses, cornices, and tree wells (deep pits that form at the base of trees when the snow accumulates on their branches).
You don't sink into the snow as much, but I still find places in the trees where I hit large pockets of snow that fly up face shots And you still get the same floating sensation that is the raison d'tre of powder skiing.
I looked up at the Bandung's palms, a tree I no longer associate with fun, so as to avoid looking at the top of the stockade wall enclosing the garden; on top of the wall glass shards were planted to discourage intruders and the sight of these bristling never failed to make my pecker ache.
KAREN I was walking along the beach and I passed this guy crouched in the crook of a tree, lit just a little by the moonlight.
Outside, the rain continues to fall and Lisa can see the black-green wetness of the oak trees surrounding the Jewish cemetery, the canopy swishing against the sky, and she wonders if it is true that the unbaptized are locked out of heaven.
Looking off to his right, he saw fragments of wall bounding the edge of a field, and a broken, fluted column rising among olive trees, quiet reminders that the city had once extended into these fields and beyond.
Tarrant and Muskie started down the hill, and as they entered the trees Tarrant stopped and looked back.
He played everything straight, and it was a big bore: with badminton rackets he played badminton (his father had made a game of picking dandelions from the lawn and hitting them as though they were baseballs and the badminton rackets bats), with the Monopoly board he played Monopoly, there were no unexpected twists to the card games they played (his father had asked, " Ever play
With a few twists Calder has turned it into a man in an indelicate position.
The car is more obviously climbing, and the turns and twists are more abrupt.
She looked over at him innocently, but he noticed a wry, proud twist at the corners of her mouth. "
She still wore her hair, though putting it up tired her, in her usual elegant French twist.
Johannes Kepler, later to use Tycho's observations to disprove Tycho's theory of the universe (a strange twist of fate!)
For a new twist on broccoli, finely chop the broccoli stalks and florets.
On Sundays I 'm drawn to nostalgic entres, like pot roast with potatoes, but since traditional fare like this runs the risk of being bland, I always add a little twist.
@@432483 | Take a hill a little too quickly, stretch for a ball a bit too far, twist or turn awkwardly and, snap, something gives.
I want you to take your index and middle fingers on both hands, bend them at the knuckle, then pinch and twist.
A moment later they were descending, following the twists and turns designed to confuse, both Clay and Stone now wishingthat the precautions had been simpler.
The need for this legislation is beyond question.110 Clearly, in one of the strange twists of politics, mass transportation had become a safe issue.
A twist of regret caught Brian's breath, and he thought, I wish I'd known.
They went deeper into the prisons, the light from the world without all but lost in the twist of stone and mortar.
In a way, the structural theory is also organic, but with a slightly mechanical twist.
It is a story full of strange twists and odd tales and all kinds of heartbreaking digressions.
In its essence, the case provided a distinctly modern twist on the old debate over which influence should be taken more seriously in life, nature or nurture.
// Everyone loves a surprise, be it an unexpected birthday celebration or the clever twist in a gripping mystery novel.
p. 10 KUMAKO Now, this is odd twist in this case.
Maybe we ought to try 10 minutes south of the Medical Center, " said Payson, recalling the revelation with a wry twist of humor.
The movie has a well-meaning message about love and loyalty being the bedrock of real family values, but its good intentions sag as the story trades its air of mischievous comedy for trite sentimentality, arbitrary plot twists, and enough maudlin melodramatics to sustain a tabloid TV series.
Not to the Ramallah cousins, who seem familiar with every twist and turn of their family's genealogy.
Roman Candle is one of those mechanized gag-farces that, along with a few good gags, are full of forced plot twists and vaudeville turns, broken-down scene writing and fruitless inventions.
He seized the throttle at the handlebars and gave it a sharp twist.
Busy Traveler As Senate majority leader he found a formula for enacting much " Eisenhower " legislation, by giving a Democratic twist to needed bills proposed by the Republican administration.
HIKING THE INNER PATH Midweek, the hike takes an introspective twist.
But he just watched for the next hour as Max kept returning to the far end of the bed and working his way up to the window, nodding mindlessly with each neat twist of his spade attachment.
For a long time, the reader is not told, while the narrator sifts the aging murderer's memories for the quirks of mind and the twists of fate that led to the crisis.
The staircase had a graceful and pleasing twist to it, and the steps were carpeted in crimson.
that the river, between those two chief points, was nearly 1,400 miles long, with all its twists and turns -- some of them doubling back so that a body traveled due north at times -- and that the old flatboaters required 120 days to pole up, after a float down.
Twists and Turns, Inc., Roanoke, VA; (540) 345-0884.
But it would seem that with a deep psychological twist there was no reason why the sympathetic magical powers of the dances should have ended there.
Though Rubin has given an unprecedented twist to the standard insanity plea, it is hardly the first time television has been accused of a lethal influence.
But in a novel twist, environmentalists have also asserted that Clear Skies is actually weaker than the existing Clean Air Act -- and would thus allow millions of tons of added pollution and inflict tens of thousands of needless deaths during the next decade.
Newspapers kept complaining about poor food production, couples on crowded dance floors kept doing their bunny hug and wishing they could find out something about the twist, soldiers with their girls wandered to the
He grew a big nose with a long, hooking sweep to it, and the ends of his mouth had slight upward twists, whereas his eyes was sad.
He seesp238below him a head of red hair like a monstrous orange fish sink with a loose twist of one shimmering coil against the horizontalslats of -- stained wood.
Why did he always have that skeptical twist to his voice when he discussed him?
the granite, letting in sunlight on entangled bones, a necklace of broken amber, a twist of Cornish tin, poor gauds.
Tell your artist to observe that the northern Texas cowboy invariably tied his lariat to his saddle horn, but a man from the Rio Grande, like Canby, would dally his, that is, give it a couple of twists around the horn, relying on friction to
Because of this new twist of the lover paying the bills, the gossip resurrected itself -- and Alex had to be more self-conscious as he juggled the balloon of honor and the hardball of survival.
They have many electronic talents: Build them with a bit of a twist and the conductivity changes.
Not only was private finance a new twist, so was the aquarium goal. "
The last twist of the knife is that hundreds of them were nonetheless caught in the Final Solution when the Germans overran their lands of refuge.
What's fun here is that De Palma has rung cunning changes on Hitchcockian twists.
That twist is what you'd do to turn a faucet on.
Phina, in fact, stepped on these shores wearing her hair in spiky twists. "
-- 99 -- TWIST (irritated) What the hell's the matter with you.
(p. 197) in the lower reptiles so as to bring the foot forwards; this twist is increased by a further 90?
But the dissident students gave their protest an additional twist by dubbing the rally Democracy ' 85.
Leave the assembly under weights for the glue to set if you have to correct a twist.
Her face was pink from exertion, and wisps of blond hair had escaped the elaborate twist she'd pinned up on the top of her head.
He reached for a twist of orange peel, knowing she was watching his every move, and added an extra twist, giving the shape a sensual sinuousness as it looped around the edge of the glass the way a stripper might twine herself around a pole. "
Foiling Malone's plan and finding the treasure just added a unique twist to Troop 124's summercamp outing last July.
Evolution DON CALDWELL, Marietta (Regarding) a full-page spread in last Saturday's Reader headlined " Darwin with a twist: Medical discipline seeks explanation through evolution ": That one can know about the marvels of the human body, the beauty of nature that surrounds us, the awesome majesty of the heavens, and still believe that all this originated from primordial slime without a designer is mind-boggling.
Each new twist and turn sent a shiver of nervous dread through him.
That would certainly put a new twist on things, wouldn't it?
-- 9 -- HIPPOLYTE (another twist) If you don't like the way I treat you, why don't you get yourself another guy?
That twist is what you'd do to turn a faucet on.
He sat there behind the wheel and drew a long, shuddering breath, watching the first snowflakes of an afternoon flurry twist and skirl across the bright hood.
The civil rights period in the 1960s also put a new twist on Affirmative Action, which came to mean much more than just justice for the poor but a very politically loaded term that got equal attention at the time just like any other legislation.
And it is a most cruel twist of fate that Schwimmer, the first modern woman minister from a relatively unimportant country, Hungary, came to be remembered despite the failure of her mission
and a thin nose, and a twist of her dyed brown hair straggled down her forehead.
But then there came another flash, and another, and with a painful twist of his body he was able to see Wes Janson's fighter
Got to drop down to ' em on a hemp twist ladder far as it takes.
Now you can do it all with a twist of the wrist.
If I hadn't been able to polish off the occasional bank or lift a lucrative space yacht I might have gone around the twist.
Capricorn One is the first decent one of the lot: it kills two hours with a breathless progression of incredible plot twists and daredevil aerial stunts.
At six the garrison, spurred by the twist of the earth toward winter, went swiftly to work.
Half-sister Mommy spoke of her with a hurt twist of her mouth.
Eventually the saga of the two families took a curious twist.
As thousands of therapy patients are " discovering " repressed memories of childhood sexual abuse, a smaller number are adding a new twist: they are recalling abductions by aliens.
TV pictures about rape tend to take advantage of the subject, but this one - some implausible twists in the storyline notwithstanding - is generally restrained.
Maybe a club soda, " she said, " with a twist. "
Her voice is pure New York, but she gives those awkward diphthongs a seductive twist. "
The current proposal gives the " brain drain " a new and somewhat startling twist.
Dancers ejected Less than two years ago (Nikita S. Khrushchev was still Premier) the newspaper Soviet Culture sounded an alarm because " the twist had arrived in Saltykov Hall in Moscow Province
they take unexpected twists and turns, " Mercer says, thus defining the term " way out " as well as Arlen's songs.
DRILLING Small holes for screws and similar things can be made with metalworking twist drills, but they leave ragged edges.
Nikolay Bosov, remember, won the Nobel Prize, and he's been in laser-weapons research ever since, along with Yevgeniy Velikhov, noted peace ac- twist, and the head of the Laser Institute is Dmitri Ustinov's son, for God's sake.
The whole campaign will get a boost, a modern twist.
But now, at last, there's a twist, a switch in an old plot.
But by last week the multiplying twists and turns in the convoluted takeover battle between Bendix Corp., the Michigan-based aerospace and auto-parts manufacturer, and Martin Marietta Corp., a leading defense contractor of Bethesda, Md.
In an ironic twist, the West Germans are negotiating shipping the material to East Germany for disposal.
I twist and twist, but I can't.
Quickly enough in the 1920s and in 1930, the Red International Trade Union, the Profintern, fell in line with Soviet national interests and followed every twist and turn of Stalin's changing internal and foreign politics.
It's a different twist, not the same old mashed potatoes. "
He had wanted one of those guns, and to go on that raid, so badly that it made his face twist into a gargoyle mask whenever he thought about it.
After setting the bags inside he tossed his mop of blond hair, which was cut as if with a bowl and stood out like eaves over his longish ears and away from his forehead, with a twist of his neck.
@@376272 Those colorful plastic bracelets popularized by Madonna and Avril Lavigne have taken on a risque new twist.
They sang something in English and danced, not the twist but the shake.
step 4: Finish by tying a reverse uniknot around both legs of the loop as shown and then carefully snug it back up until it joins the base of the twist, locking it and creating a nice smooth transition.
They were mostly immigrants, after all -- the same people but with a twist who worked for pennies in the sawmills or stood on the bread lines.
-- DONNO WHETHER TO LAUGH OR CRY, JES KNOW I WANT-ER DO THE TWIST!
Moreover Quine's space-time idiom contains the intrinsically interesting (though, for my present purposes, not especially relevant) twist of regarding the successions (" sums, " as Quine called them) that are formed from the momentary items as themselves concrete entities that are extended in space and time.
Library to host gift-wrapping ' bee ' The staff of the Bob Lutts Fulshear-Simonton Branch Library will be putting a new twist on the old-fashioned quilting bee concept by combining holiday gift-wrapping with a gathering of friends and neighbors.
At the twist of a rheostat, the next room turned into a home theater with a flat screen a good two meters wide, speakers in matte black and eight swivel chairs in red velvet with individual gooseneck lamps.
He did a poor imitation of a hula twist and winked at Casey. "
Blix, on her bed, with make-up, French twist, and time bomb ticking away inside her, was far more of an enigma than any Hobhouse I could " re-create. "
They are only occasionally weirded out by the odd geographical twist their careers have taken.
Aw, Al, " Poopie was saying, " they promised me ap233real great trip with Owsley blues if I got you to confessin your own words what they dictate to you.
The words you were to think came from me. "
But he got it into his little head that he could come here and demolish Harold Ryan with words.
let himself go to his wife in the words that she later recalled for Churchill and that he has quoted in The Gathering Storm.
SKRAM Shit is runnin backwards, G. KITCHIN Word?
words to Cardinal Jaime Ortega Alamino, archbishop of Havana, were, " No triumphalisms, please! "
Her mind thought of that, the peculiar omission, tried to force itself to imagine his face and rig a tale round it, to sort through the language in search of a word which by day she could give him, the necessary word.
But at the time he wrote those words, Matthews notes, " I was drinking a lot. "
About ten minutes later, working on the theory that the last word said before a long pause is the one that sticks, I went back into the wheelhouse and asked: " Why do you want to know? "
Then, when the word " Oscar " was mentioned, miraculously it was the best work of his life
And that probably saved Ernie's life, because there are a lot of things you can do with words like deer and bear, most of which he didn't have the chance to.
She scowled at the way he emphasized his words, and Pru jeered, Maybe he's smarter than you think.
The words " New Orleans " vanish from the scrim and are replaced with " Seattle, " and some sort of music begins.
The word would have gone out that we were tough guys when it came to having our picture taken, and cameramen -- I don't care whether they're Siamese or Siberian -- always have to prove that nobody's too tough to be photographed. "
The ability to sway men with words and that commanding presence which doth draw all eyes can be elevated by certain Styric spells.
that has been appealed to most frequently, is the word of the creator of the world.
Look across the greatest city in the whole damn world, he thought, look for answers and see the mystic words of the oracle shining out of the darkness, saying PEPSI-COLA.
Now, if the minimum complete statement (the minimum utterance) is two words, we may reasonably conclude that the fundamental structure pattern has two functions; and that each word?
Still not looking at him directly, she searched for words. "
he did not actually hesitate or gulp over the word, but he wanted to gulp? "
To have this knowledge implies that children have isolated linguistic constituents (not just the acoustic counterparts of such constituents), appreciate that word groups map to unique events, and can identify which groups of words (in the present case, the verb phrase) form a semantic unit.
He's never broke his word to them yet.
What am I supposed to do, call him and lisp that I am one, and he'll pass the word along and I'll have it made, Athens and all the rest? "
There are people out there who have never heard of the Father, Son and Holy Spirit, let alone the Word of God.
with Sheffer just a few feet away from Hulce, neither actor can catch more than a few words of what the other says.
She had been lying on hard ground -- only Buster had had a soft bed -- and they must have gone at it quickly, furtively, without a tender touch or a stroking hand or a whispered word, eye into eye. "
To us, it looks as if the word sail is the word fail.
And let's take the Devil's Road, to use the old queen's words. "
The words were snotty enough, but the tone was insulting beyond any mere words.
For a second she wondered if a person with a real case of amnesia would recognize the word amnesia.
No, just against --  He puffed out a cloud of tobacco smoke, pausing as he searched for the right word. "
It is easy to convince men that they can not afford to pay what they do not desire to pay; tell them how heavy their burdens are and they will greet your every word as a sagacious understatement.
notified Washington with the words, " Give my respectsto the dead dog in the White House. "
' It is a word which, I regret, does not translate satisfactorily into English.
Gershon felt the rise of the words within him. "
So how do you know what the words mean? "
Word of their coming preceded them, and in each village crowds of peasants and priests swarmed around Blanc shouting, " Medan He, abeit, medanite. "
That intent is clear from the amendments ' legislative history, from their language (the First Amendment opens with the words " Congress shall make no law.
God speaks to him in words the saint can hear and can report to others.
Her head lowered as my words fell on her, but now her forehead tips up and her eyes come into view, already hardening.
Tongue in,  he told her; then, his mouth already open on the words, suppressed the obvious next line which would have been sufficiently clever for the kind of girl he knew, like the pregnant cow in Denham: something about his tongue, her groove.
totally outside, whatever happens -- my word on that.
Words were what chaperoned him into the shires of his imagination.
In other words the level of indebtedness (old debt and the new oil capacities related debt) has to increase during the next ten years before any significant and serious debt repayment can start.
Ain't ' is a word that makes you sound like you don't care.
Sheine stared at Chavala, who blathered on as though she hadn't heard a word. "
It would've broke your heart to see how deep that harpy's ugly words wounded him.
Speaking not a word of Chinese would be a problem.
At two-thirty Sunday morning Laura was at her word processor in the office adjacent to the master bedroom, dressed in pajamas and a robe, sipping apple juice, and working on a new book.
It's his script, and we all know the words, " said a source close to the plaintiffs. "
The word " black " should be used to describe those persons who have three-fourths or more black blood; " mulatto, " those persons who have three-eighths to five-eighths black blood; " quadroon, " those persons who have one-fourth black blood; and " octoroon, " those persons who have one-eighth or any trace of black blood. "
Nick and Lexi look very upset, not only from hearing the finality in her words, but from seeing their mother's pain.
Lucinda Tavistock was shy and sensitive; her arrogant and angry brother, Peter, would defend against words aimed at his fears and needs.
61, younger brother of Author William, a novelist and painter in his own right who created in words and oil paintings a picture of the Deep South at once broadly humorous and fiercely tragic, most notably in his first two books: Men Working (1941), which told the tragicomic tale of a family of ignorant sharecroppers who came to the town during the Depression to be " on the WP &; A, " and Dollar Cotton (1942), the picaresque story of the rise and fall of a land-lusting cotton king; after a stroke; in Memphis.
With over 24,000 phrases showing you how a word is used in context.
Although his voice is muffled, we can hear Kumar's words.
Jesus addressed these words to a respectable man, Nicodemus, and Nicodemus was stunned, Graham, said. "
To Absalom, who brings him bad news like a challenge: and then stands before him, declaring in every word and gesture, as David interprets them, that he is incapable of meeting the challenge.
As an experiment you might even want during the course of this year to try living without any classroom terminology at all, to relinquish " plot " and " character " right along with those very exalted words with which not a few of you like to solemnize your observations, such as " epiphany, " " persona, " and, of course, " existential " as a modifier of everything existing under the sun.
Although she often argued with him about their responsibility to the community, Jean's husband didn't like listening to words without music and most Wednesdays stayed home, playing board games on his portable computer and watching Court TV.
She fell into her housekeeper's arms, hoping for kind words and solace.
And no matter what else she said, shed always drag the word " anus " in somehow.
Fancy, in other words, a world of creatures who swarm like bees toward their own beauty.
In a reversal of this task, participants then rapidly press the same key in response to either black faces or pleasant words and another key when shown either white faces or unpleasant words.
But the queen's guards, as subject to the confusion in the court as everyone else, let him through without a word.
The relocation, in other words, was based on race, not urgency.
Explicit tests tap conscious knowledge, as when volunteers try to identify previously studied words on a multiple-choice test; implicit tests reveal unconscious influences of memories or perceptions, as when volunteers unwittingly complete ambiguous word fragments with previously studied words.
animosity toward consumer rights that there has not been a word out of the White House or from President Ford favorable to this bill even though he voted for a similar measure in 1971, in the House of Representatives.
My exact exact words were then That I didn't mean, seriously, I am being serious.
I confess to not having listened to a word of the Declaration of Independence.
I started to ask him exactly what they had said, but ate my words.
Finding one's voice isn't just an emptying and purifying oneself of the words of others but an adopting and embracing of filiations, communities, and discourses.
Only after six weeks of his " groveling " (Teddy's word) had she returned, conditional on his " good behavior. "
Revelation in the Guru Granth Sahib When a Sikh describes the Adi Granth as the word of God he is making a statement which is both exclusive and inclusive.
A perhaps marketable, boy-next-door look, in other words.
(ADAM PULLS OUT HIS NOTEBOOK AND HUNTS FOR THE WORD.
Wait, " she cried, but before the word was uttered, she knew he was gone.
I am in my seventy-second year, and the end of my life comes toward me; I wish to say these words before the gods close my eyes forever.
So instead of answering Sken's ironic words, Patience lived up to her name, and quietly asked, " Why did you wake me? "
Of all wild things, she broke out smiling; and her lips came open but still no words
Whether you believe in it or not, it's going to go - your word - ka-thump. "
If only he knew with what words to begin.
But lately, no one is using the " s " word.
Good News Bible Before the world was created, the Word already existed; he was with God, and he was the same as God.
a football fan, for lack of a better word, so it was always a kick for me to play in that game, knowing I'd be part of history.
He believed this was caused by the evil influence of words as a karmic force.
She paused, listening to her words, or to other words echoing under the moonlight.
, pointing my finger at him on cue with the word you, not caring whether my words hurt his feelings.
But the word from China's central bank on Tuesday reinforced the
Drew appears STUNNED, unable to form words so Parker speaks for her.
Mrs. Orlova has published research that suggests Tchaikovsky was forced to take poison on orders from a " court of honor " composed of old classmates who were upset that word of his affair with a nephew of Duke Stenbock-Thurmor had come to the attention of the Czar.
I don't know how much else, I am daunted to imagine, but that word " recondition " is ugly.
I could feel his words turning solid in the air, reaching back over the weeks to change yesterday.
To read us the words, Burns enlisted a remarkably eclectic cast of off-camera voices.
It was in that basement that I learned the skills necessary to succeed in the difficult thespian world-specifically, get up on stage, say my words, get off the stage-skills that eventually allowed me to play such memorable roles as Prince Charming and Tom Sawyer at a theater in the local park.
but the word went out on the street that the woman would be killed if she testified against them, and the authorities said she had fled in terror.
