em as it was for the British to get through his pile of cotton wool bags at New-Orleans.
tea, cocoa, or pemmican, with a spirit lamp, tallow lamp, and spare kettle 17 Sextant, 1 gun, and gear 10 A bag containing 5 tin pannikins and 5 spoons 5 A knapsack for each man, containing 1 flannel shirt, 1 Guernsey frock, 1 serge frock, 1 pair of drawers, flannel, 1 pair of boot hose, 1 pair of stockings, 2 pairs of blanket-socks, 1 towel, 1 comb, 1 lb.
Before my braves commenced feasting, I took my medicine bags, and addressed them in the following language: " BRAVES AND WARRIORS: These are the medicine bags of our forefather, Mukataquet, who was the father of the Sac nation.
-- the tenth day hence -- too late for any purpose, " answered the old man; " then must we on to Brussels; though I trow the churl burghers will scarce unbuckle their fat bags to pay Sir Hugues ' ransom, much less take bow and spear to save him. "
So he takes sand in bags, and, when he wants to lighten his balloon, he just pours
Mash them, put them in a linen bag and squeeze out the juice.
of the large bag I before spoke of as being in the room.
Mrs. Lander entreated, and when the girl gave her the bag she felt about among the bank-notes which she seemed to have loose in it, and drew out a handful of them without regard to their value. "
I hung up my medicine bag, put away my rifle and spear, feeling as if I should want them no more, as I had no desire to raise other war parties against the whites unless they gave me provocation.
All we could do, therefore, was to make a belt of canvas (the captain being always provided with needles, palm, etc., in his bag), and to introduce the
had got in and was jest comin out with bags on their backs, and among ' em I could see the cashiers of the new Deposit Banks, with as much as they could stagger under, and all carryin a label with glory ' and huzza for Gineral Jackson, ' and then agin up went another batch of rockets!
Nothing is left, of all my greatness, but a filthy bag of gold, and an empty cart.
How glad little Mitty was to see that bag of meal!
The boy looked at the faded bag for a moment, and gathering up something like a smile upon his face, he forced the money back upon his mother, himself replacing it in the bosom of her dress. "
Being industrious, she made him beautiful bags from the bark of trees, and dressed the skins of the animals he killed in the most skilful manner.
encouraged to it by his friend Drummond, a Scotchman, and one of the gold discoverers, who, clapping him on the shoulder, said, " Odds, mon, if you are set upon this, there is my large canvass bag, which will hold two or three bushels; take that, and my Malabar boy * ith you for a guide; he knows the place where we found these curious ores, and you can return with a back load of gold. "
We think ourselves entitled to demand of Mr. B. the justice of the old Jewish law, " Thou shalt not have in thy bag divers weights, a great and a small. "
I swore, when that herculean Bim was jolting me to death in the bag, that I would never be caught in such a predicament again -- and now I find myself about to be exposed to the furious fire of Her Majesty's ship Vesuvius!
He was the finest mule we had, and on that account had twice as much to carry as any of the others; his load had never been relieved, and it consisted of four portmanteaus, two of which belonged to me, and contained not only a very heavy bag of dollars, but also papers, which were of such consequence that I could hardly have continued my journey without them.
I returned to the hostelry, and sat down on a log of wood on the hearth within the immense chimney in the common apartment; two surly looking men were on their knees on the stones; before them was a large heap of pieces of old iron, brass, and copper; they were assorting it, and stowing it away in various bags.
As he entered the garden gate she looked round, and seeing the shot bag, guessed, with a woman's rapid wit, what it meant -- caught it up, and stepped out into the porch to meet him.
If you boil the sugar before you add the fruit to it, it will be improved in clearness by passing it through a flannel bag.
one of the engineers, he succeeded in obtaining possession of his stolen bag of gold.
In his eagerness to hook the bags as he leaned over the bank, that treacherous bank gave way, and our excellent bishop himself was now struggling for life in the whirlpool!
The teacher stopped some of our folks, one day, to ask how I was doin ' at my new school, when, of course, the cat was all out of the bag.
sufficient for his purpose, he places it in a bag made of the net-like fibrous substance attached to all cocoanut trees, and compressing it over the bread-fruit, which being now sufficiently pounded, is put into a wooden bowl -- extracts a thick creamy milk.
Mash them soft with a spoon, put them in a bag, and squeeze out the juice.
and her heels flying in the air, while at every jump, the beast flung some article of my personal property, right and left, here a frying-pan, and there a bag of sugar, while Juan came thundering in her wake, swearing indifferently in Spanish and English, and threatening all sorts of personal violence to the longeared offender.
In pursuance of this resolution, having secretly provided a small bag full of provisions, and a couple of spades
Hum -- hum -- (aside) By Gemini, I came within an ace of letting the cat out of the bag.
, and it consisted of four portmanteaus, two of which belonged to me, and which contained not only a very heavy bag of dollars, but also papers which were of such consequence, that I could hardly have continued my journey without them.
Let's put Ned Sikes in a fire bag, ' said he, and sell him to the old man; Ned's dead drunk, and as good as a corpse, ' said he.
The dog perceived this error, and, wishing to rectify it, ran to fetch the bag; but it was too heavy for him to drag along.
So soon as the strangers had done honour to our fellow-traveller, the dram-bottle, one of them stepped to his saddle bags and pulled out a Spanish bottle, observing to our old friend, " that his Redstone was very good it was true, but he thought he had some equally as good, " and invited him to drink.
always been absolute; and removing his spectacles, the good old man rubbed them carefully through the corner of his handkerchief as he said, sadly but decidedly, " Yes, my son, you have made a wise resolve: you are almost a man now (here the youth's face colored), and it's time you were beginning to work for yourself and be a man amongst men; " and approaching an old-fashioned walnut desk in which were kept all manner of yellow and musty receipts and letters, he unlocked it slowly, and pouring from a stout linen bag a quantity of silver, counted the dollars to the number of a hundred, and placing them in the hand of the young man, he said, " A little present to help you on in the world; make good use of it, my boy; but above all things, continue in the honest, straight path in which you have always kept, and my word for it, prosperity will come to you, even
In it the mate had placed a bag of boiled corn beef, and a bag of biscuit, not forgetting a box of wine, the compass, spy-glass, and chart of the river.
we are told, that his wife and family occupied the room in which the debating society to which he belonged met -- they let him occupy it because he had no other -- and he had to move out bag and baggage, wife and children, every Saturday night that they might meet.
Pore peeple, they was all huddled up together, bag and baggage, on the forecastle, and wasn't ' lowed to take the air on the deck no more'n if they'd been so many cattle
Sambo been a Bosson -- fetch bag powder, maka fire-works -- blow up Fourth o'July -- ha -- ha!
So saying, he thrust his hand into his bag, and pulled out a green flask that contained a small supply of whiskey. "
Nay, ' he continued, if there was aught in that bag -- ' Not a bag, my son, rather a knapsack of curious workmanship. '
You must have known many times, Mr. Spiffard, when you have heard and seen just enough to make you draw conclusions, and yet the words you heard, if set to stand alone, would fall down, like an empty bag set on end, and mean nothing. "
Remonstrance and representation of impossibility having been tried in vain, Mr. - prepared to guide me, and // Mr.-, with my bag, parasol, and bonnet in charge, returned to the edge of the pool to watch our progress.
In June, 1836, Mr. Mitchell embarked for America, with Mr. Flynn, by whom he was engaged for the National Theatre, New York, and opened on the twenty-ninth of August, in the " Wandering Minstrel, " and " The Man with the Carpet Bag. "
' Mother ' two or three times, and then began talking: ' Kissy, I want my bag -- where is my thimble -- no, not that I can't remember -- my catechism-book -- my godfathers and godmothers in my baptism, wherein I was made a member -- my Christian name -- my name, it is my Christian name; no, that is not it - " It is a name by which I am Writ in the hook of life, And here below a charm to keep, Unharmed by sin and strife; As often as my name I hear, I hear my Saviour's voice. "
The smoke curled upward from the chimneys of the suburban districts, and little rustic girls and boys were seen in all directions, hurrying homeward with their arms full of shavings -- old women, too, with their bags of rags, betook themselves somewhere -- Heaven only knows whether they had any homes, or where they went -- at any rate, with backs bent under their awful burdens, they turned into lanes and alleys, and disappeared.
I've got it all here in the leather bag for you, hinny; ' twill buy plenty of gay ribbons to tie your pretty hair. "
The basket is left at the end of a row, and both bags taken along: when one bag is as full as it can well be crammed, it is laid down in the row, and the hand begins to fi the second in the same way.
Bugs Take wormwood dried, and put it in bags pricked full of holes, and lay between your bed and sacking mats or boards, and some under the bolster, and under your bed
rattling folks ne'er stand To make and tell the grossest lies off-hand, Which soon flies round like wild-fire far and near: But loose your bag, be't true or false, let's hear.
Now and then they stopped a few moments, to leave a passenger, a package, or a mail-bag; for the strong leathern bags, with brass padlocks, which the driver had carefully packed away under his box, contained the United States ' mails for the towns along his route.
With all this cumbrous load of brave finery on his back, swelled to twice his original dimensions, he looks, for all the world, as he is, like a mere bag of wind, - a scarecrow, to admonish others of the folly of similar depredations.
Effect First Appearance on the Stage Engagement in London Critiques on his Performance of Jem Bags Anecdote of Mitchell and Jerrold Mitchell in Raggs Embarcation for America Olympic Opening Address His Musical Taste, &c.; IN mentioning the arrival of Mr. Mitchell in this country, in a previous chapter, we intended to have gathered material sufficient for a biographical sketch; as it is, however, we can only bestow a glance at the " Olympic Manager. "
For though thou wert as naturally given to grovelling as a football, yet wouldst thou as certainly mount, at every kick, as that same bag of wind.
Just before her sat a large stone vessel, containing the soaking corn for the morning tortillos; drawing forth her bag, she filled it with the swollen grain, and hastened on to where a small black horse was lassoed, having his hay scattered on the ground beside him.
What ho, you bag of chaff -- booby -- Foster -- I say!
The burden was increased, too, by several things belonging to the guide himself, which he put on over all the rest, such as a great-coat and a little bag of provisions.
I once heard a gentleman say he did not like to go through the world with his head in a bag.
-- I then took out the bag of dollars, and locked them up my private drawer, thinking to have some fun when she came home.
Some of the Protestant churches resound with a sacred hymn, or the voice of the clergyman reading a portion of the liturgy or discipline, calculated to inspire charitable feelings, while the contribution-box or bag makes its begging tour among the pews.
The Canton Register says, that the first lesson of a boxer is to thrust, for hours, at a bag of sand, and he varies his assault in the maneuvres called ------ a dragon thrusting out his claws, a drunken his knocking at your door, and a crane and eagle reciprocally embarrassed. '
Well, Jem, " said Archer, " unbutton your bag now; what's the news? "
same green bag on his arm that he ' d carried for fourteen months, and said, Mother, there ' s a pain, ' laying his hand on his head, a great violent pain here. '
Don't I see through the whole of you; and it's all owing to that cussed bag of plunder. "
Baskets were filled, and bags were brought from the wagons.
He ' s been popping some of the corn you gave us, " replied Ella; " and he won't give us a kernel of it, nor tell us where the bag is, so that we
, bags and kags, all full, and should say nigh upon a hundred cord.
small bag of woody earth scraped up in the hold at the foot; and a piece of sail-cloth being rolled up for a pillow, Queequeg now entreated to be lifted into his final bed, that he might make trial of its comforts, if any it had.
The instant she struck her side the boat was cleared immediately of " bag and baggage, " at the " risk of the owners " truly -- and the hurrying passengers had hardly gained a footing upon the guard, before the loud, brief command, " go ahead, " was heard, followed by the tinkling of the engineer's bell, the dull groaning of the ponderous, labouring engine, and the heavy dash of the water, as strongly beaten by the vast fins of this huge " river monster. "
Long before the festivity was over, my companions and myself stretched ourselves on a wide bag of straw, and fell asleep, lulled by the screaming of the dancers. "
No trace was left of that celebrated gallery which had witnessed so many balls and pageants, in which so many maids of honour had listened too easily to the vows and flatteries of gallants, and in which so many bags of gold had changed masters at the hazard table.
Excuse me, sir, but I am very much interested by the name on your bag.
At his left side was a bag, from the top of which peered the heads of two or three singular-looking animals, and at his right was squatted the sullen cub of a wolf
, stout canvas bag or sack, which was secured about him and tied up.
Nature made us individuals, as she did the flowers and the pebbles; but we are afraid to be peculiar, and so our society resembles a bag of marbles, or a string of mould candles.
If hair-cloth bags, however, can not be procured, crape bags may be used instead; but it must be observed, that, whatever sort may /q/ be used, they must be taken off every four or five days, in order to examine the bunches, and to cut out decayed berries, if any should appear.
In such cases, an apparatus is attached to the locomotive office, on which the letter-cariier or guard hangs the bag to be delivered as the train approaches the station.
Now suddenly they pounced upon a bag of faded green, " Why wife, " cries pa, " hang me if here is not a violeen! "
From th&time of my retreat from Russia I had constantly carried around my neck in a little silken bag a portion of poisonous powder which Ivan had prepared for me when I was in fear of
After four o'clock that afternoon he entered the store of Mr. Bayard, bag and baggage.
The stomach is a bag composed of muscles, nerves, and blood-vessels, united by a material similar to that which forms the skin.
That one last word acted as a spur, and Arthur again resumed the packing of the bags, and Quirk coming up to him, said, softly: -- " Now you're a man again -- ain't ashamed of you now.
Thus Clarence Linden is // made, at the first encounter, to salute with a kiss Dame Bingo, the gipsey bag.
The good woman held up her purse -- a little linen bag tied at one end with a tow string, and pretty well distended at the other -- to assure the frugal husband she had not lost it in climbing into the wagon; and having deposited it for safe keeping where old ladies sometimes stow away thread
bag, and comparing the gloom towards the north with the darkness towards the south -- wherever in your wisdom you may conclude to lodge for the night, my dear Ishmael, be sure to inquire the price, and don't be too particular.
I wrapt myself, and a bag of provisions, in a cloak of painted canvass and speeded to the dwelling of Clithero.
Now, every particle of my goods will be sold at Auction; my appearance will excite suspicion; you must bid for the bag, and bring it off -- when I get possession of it, your uncle will readily consent to our marriage.
It is a thread-ball thrown at a mark, but the other end remains in the thrower's bag.
The purchaser handed forth the money in a couple of small bags, and throwing a close veil over the head of the slave, led her away through the narrow and winding streets of old Stamboul to the water's side, where they entered a caique that awaited them, and pulled up the harbor.
The bags must be kept perfectly clean, they should be washed every day in boiling water, with a small addition of the /z/ sub-carbonate of soda.
Sending for a bag of the best of them, I ordered it to be put into the register's boat, informing him at the same time, that I was conscious they were quite unworthy of him, but that I hoped, such as they were, he would allow me to make an offering of them to his wife.
There was a bag of coffee, a keg of sugar, three sacks of salt, and a box of odds and ends for us.
I wasn't in earnest -- I only meant that he had got the bag to hold!
far, as that I, that have borne a bag, be not now in my age forced in effect to bear a wallet; nor that I, who desire to live to study, may not be driven to study to live. '
returned, sooner than she expected, with the liniment, and a bag of warmed sand, which " Mother said (and truly) was the best thing in the world to lay to cold feet. "
She rose stealthily at midnight, tied up a small bundle of clothing, placed a little bag of money in her bosom, paused and gazed lovingly on her sleeping parents, hastily brushed away the gathering tears, and stept out into the moonlight.
' Like a lanyard for your bag; but it's an odd one, seems to me. '	28:31	0:68	 ' Like a lanyard for your bag ; but it 's an odd one , seems to me . '
The best time for this fishery is after a violent tempest; if the wind then changes, the amber is left upon the coast; but if this does not happen, the fishermen must boldly venture into the sea, holding long poles, with bags fastened to them, with which they sweep, as it were, the sands.
Edited by THOMAS SERGEANT and JOHN C. LOWBER, Esqrs, of the Philadelphia Bar.
Before the awful bar, th ' almighty throne, In dread I've stood th ' Eternal Judge to see; And fix'd in bliss, or doom'd to ceaseless moan, Have heard the long, the unreversed decree: " Nor earth must know the rest. "
the bar, with unwearied assiduity, till the growing differences of this country with Great Britain, on the subjec.t of neutral trade, brought him again on the theatre of diplomacy.
Now, as I have said before, while I am satisfied -- satisfied, beyond the possibility of a doubt, as we say at the bar -- that you have long entertained feelings toward me, tenderer than mere friendship -- forgive me, Julia, for speaking so very plainly -- I have not been satisfied that they were such as you would certainly feel for the man you should choose out of all the world for everlasting companionship -- no, no, Julia -- however presumptuous I may have been up to the point I have mentioned --
These were composed of a box 9, feet long, and about the same width and depth, formed by light bars, with stronger bars at the corners.
-- you who have created an insuperable barrier to our union, -- you who have placed a chasm between us that can never be overleapt -- a bar that can never be taken down -- a -- ' " Good heavens!
For a long time, Mr. Wirt's chief opponent at the Baltimore bar, was Mr. Taney, the present Chief Justice of the United States.
Such, we may safely venture to say, is now the settled judgment of the bar and the country.
This the ancient Hebrew writers describe as in the central parts of the earth; a vast repository, surrounded by an impassable wall, and fortified with huge gates of brass, and massive bars of iron, which our Saviour by his * Those who wish to see this subject fully and learnedly discussed, I beg leave to refer to Dr. Horsely's Critical Notes on Ilosea, page 257, &c.,; pages 200, 201; and page 46, note 7i; and also his sermon on Christ's Descent into Hell.
We frequently hear arguments at the bar upon subjects fully as perplexed, founded on the most hidden principles of human nature or of civil society, composed too in a style of chaste and even
In this case a link of the same form had been before in use, and it had been strengthened by a bar across it, but a change of the form of this bar, and the manner of attaching it to the link, was considered, and as it should seem with very good reason, by Chief Justice Abbott and Mr. Justice Bayley, to be a good founda- Bruoton?
Du Quesne, with whom we must at present continue, repaired to New-York, where, upon his being admitted to the bar, as in due time he was, his mysterious supply of money was withheld, and he was left without relatives or connexions, to make the usual slow and uncertain progress in the business of his profession.
This shrewd argument not being thought convincing, the secretary continued to read, that ' the execution of the sentence, instead of an act of justice, would appear to all the world, and particularly to their allies, the American States, as an act of vengeance, and that if he were sufficiently master of the French language, he would, in the name of his brethren of America, present a petition at their bar against the execution of
Husband of my soul, to rank and power; aye with your gold, I will unloose the prison bars of Poverty, and let Genius spread its wings, and seek the Sun.
Blazeaway walked up to the bar, exclaiming -- " The thing was well done and justly.
In another set of experiments upon bars of willow 3 feet long and 1.5 inch square, the mean strength of 6 uncut bars was 525 lbs.
Such, my dear sir, are our sentiments on the subject of emancipation; and, although we can not admit of one word of argument in favor of a system which violates the laws of God, and the natural rights of man-which makes him, who was born our equal, live our slave; still, our abhorrence of the system is qualified by a consideration of the peculiar circumstances of the case: we recognize that first law of nature, which enjoins self-preservation, at any hazard; and we should as soon think of enjoining upon the keeper of a caravan, to break the bars of his cages, and unchain his tigers, as to bid the planters restore the blacks to liberty at once.
Is it desirable, that, in all the States, as is notoriously the case in one or two already, such appointments should be made as to render the bench an object of contempt and derision to the bar?
Then the lake whitened, and the trees threw themselves across the lawn, and Wolfgang came out from what had hitherto been but a dark spot on the gravel walk; and then -- " The rising moon has hid the stars; Her level rays, like golden bars, Lie on the landscape green, With shadows brown between. "
After this he studied law, and was a contemporary at the bar with General Hamilton, Mr Harrison, Judge Benson, Mr Troup, Mr Burr, and others, all of whom were very eminent lawyers.
-- Seven of the most enterprising whalers still hung on our heels, and to-day found us all at a bar beyond which there was a sea of water.
-- Revenge may draw a subsidy from pain, Wringing stern usury from woman's woe, And infancy's distress; but is it well For souls that hasten to a dread account Of motive and of deed at Heaven's high bar, To break their Saviour's law?
While in this predicament, I turned round to my fool friend -- says I, Bill, ' says I, you're an ass -- you're a fool -- you might as well have tried to kill that bar by barking the tree under his belly, as to have done it by hitting him in the head.
Overlooking from its Gothic bartizan, the market-place of the old city, stood one of those gloomy dwellings, with its turretted gable to the street, its oaken portal clenched with many a massive spike and bar, and its narrow casements subdivided by stone transoms, which are yet to be seen in several of the Scottish boroughs, presenting evident traces of having been erected in that iron time, when every man's house was in truth his castle.
Nor was this all: his nephew was at the time preparing for the bar, and soon after the above circumstance occurred his certificates were presented, and refused, with this declaration, " that no man of the name and family of F. should be admitted. "
Before and behind these boxes was a screw, and there was a spout to convey to a vessel, placed below, the must which would flow through the bars to the bottom on the pressure being applied.
The Commons, who are the people, when ordered to the bar of the Lords, humbly present themselves bareheaded before the peers, who remain covered.
In the cellar of this woman, whose trade was the fostering of crime in children as destitute as myself, there was a bar and a back cellar, where as many as twenty boys and girls slept on straw and were educated in vice.
His Honor's blushes seem somewhat overtaxed; Madame, on the other hand, is not at all disconcerted; indeed, she claims an extensive acquaintance with the most distinguished of the Bar.
And upon questions involving the lex loci, he has triumphantly shown, that he can master the results of foreign jurisprudence, and, as in the very interesting case of Dalryrnpie v. Dalrymple, compose the strifes of the learned advocates of the Scottish bar, and fix forever upon an immovable basis a question, which had vexed the
Was it not calculated to have a salutary effeel, both upon the bar and the bystanders, to show, that, throughout the world, wherever civilization has dawned, there was but one feeling and one voice with regard to an offence of this sort, and that a voice of unmingled reprobation?
We left him in a boat on the river, having those evil plotters in custody -- but he was directed to release them on the island bar.
These were composed of a box 9, feet long, and about the same width and depth, formed by light bars, with stronger bars at the corners.
that is, with the parallel lines, the divisions of bars or measures, and the characters which represent let * ters.
Copley went to law with him; and his son, (now Lord Lyndhurst,) who was just admitted to the bar, gained his father's cause.
, a distinguished member of the New-York bar, and subsequently secretary of the Washington Insurance Company in this city.
said Ned, still brandishing the iron bar. "
And the little boy threw down the bars which guarded the entrance.
O how wortliless, how contemptible will all the kingdoms of the world, and all the glory of them seem to a man on a bed of pain, in the gate of death, at the bar
You are taking the pegs out of the bars, but I will not run wild -- I am impatient to know about Christ; what will you say of him?	37:41	0:132	 You are taking the pegs out of the bars , but I will not run wild -- I am impatient to know about Christ ; what will you say of him ?
In fact, the bar to beautiful structures does not exist so much in the incapacity of tl) e people, as in that of the artist himself.
Thar may be such a thing as narvious, stranger, but nothin ' but a yarthquake, or the agee, can shake me; and still bar hunting ain't as easy as scearing a wild turkey, by a long shot.
At another side of the hall is the bar, a handsomely decorated apartment, where lovers of such beverages can procure " toddy, " " night-caps, " " mint julep, " " gin sling, " &c.; On the door of my very neat and comfortable bed-room was a printed statement of the rules, times of meals, and charge per diem.
He strangled himself with his neckcloth, and thus rushed to a bar where suitable judgment for crimes like his could alone be dispensed.
But as for you, you damned skulking scoundrel, know that neither bars, bolts nor red coats can detain a true American soldier against his will, even at the head quarters of General Clinton himself.
I view thy lattice -- bars unfold -- Thy footstep lingers near: Fond trembler lull those feverish throbs, No ill can reach thee here.
The Rising Sun was lost on the bar of Charlestown; and of the colony, not more than thirty
But I determined, by following at a distance, to learn where she resided, for I had given my happiness into her keeping, and I made up my mind on the spot that if her poverty should prove the only bar to an honorable union with her, I would offer my
Necessity Makes bold to ope the door which fashion's portress Would bolt and bar against him. '
Practically, we know that nine tenths either goes to the mint as soon as it is washed out of the earth, or is cast into stamped bars which perform all the purposes of coin.
The soft, earnest, quiet moonbeam looks in fixedly, marking the bars of the grated windows on the prostrate, sleeping forms.
The animals manifestly enjoyed the affair; hens of maternal character clucked mid late broods, and some wallowed in dust; geese hissed; ducks quacked; and dogs, in all quarters, ran, barked, and wagged their very tails for gladness; while shaggy horses peeped in wonder over bars, or hung tenderly about the barn and corn cribs.
The mouth of the Columbia is upwards of four miles wide with a peninsula and promontory on one side, and a long low spit of land on the other; between which a sand bar and chain of breakers almost block the entrance.
After alluding to the gratitude his hearers ought to feel at not being thus hurried, like poor Sill, without time for preparation, before the bar of Judgment, who, however, he hoped
He noiselessty crossed the bars and entered a little path that led through a grove to the door.
At length, in the year 1789, he was called to the Irish bar; but he declares with his usual na * vet6, that though he went circuit three times, and dressed himself in a foolish wig and gown, yet he was modestly speaking, one of the most ignorant barristers in the Four Courts. '
// swollen salary or rich perquisites had nourished-too late in life to return to the bar, too early to retire to private life, even if able to do it; but destined to languish out ten or fifteen years in poverty and ennui, which might have been the most useful, respectable, and satisfactory portion of their lives!
, the United States, through the efforts of the Britisb press, have been placed as criminals before the bar of ' the Christian world, and almost ostracized from all community with civilized nations.
35 // come Lord Chancellor, for as that splendid office is not handed down by hereditary descent, some member of the bar must obtain it; and this hope, slight as it is, is one of the springs which keep up the activity and learning of the profession.
I made no promise, " said Bars, as soon as he was set at liberty, " though I will behave as if I had.
The tree stands on a base of gray and black intertwined bars, referred to as a wreath in heraldic terms.
ly assisted by gentlemen of the bar, so called, (great numbers of xvhorn are always at hand, ready for such undertaking) when after a few years constant attendance upon courts, and the lay. "
They passed an island -- a narrow bar of sand with a few stray blades of grass scattered along its centre, as if to set off the baldness of the remaining portions, while a stunted poplar marked the spot where stood a small hut nearly dismantled by the tempests and the droughts of successive seasons.
Exit, leaning on William, D. R. H. Landlord retires behind bar.
bar of the House, against the matter of the charges exhibited against him, and praying, also, for a copy of the charges; both of which were granted.
the dry, severe, and technical learning of the law, and accordingly upon the completion of the customary term * f legal study, he was not admitted to the bar.
Next, the windows were enlarged in length and breadth, the bars removed, and a noisy pair of shutters given to each.
I will meet thee, but it must be at the bar of thy Maker.
It is difficult to draw a just parallel between the American and English bars, for two reasons; first, because in the former, the various departments of legal business are united in the same individual; and, secondly, because their period of preparatory study is much shorter, and their means and system of education greatly inferior; if proper allowance be made for these disadvantages
Her voluminous discourse involved her opinions of her neighbors, friends, and relatives; and, one day, a few weeks after, I was suddenly surprised by a visit from a gentleman -- one of the members of the bar -- who placed a letter in my hands from Mr. Perkins.
Then the way his eyes flashed -- why the fire of them would have singed a cat's hair; in fact that bar was in a wrath all over.
Losing sight of this ship in a storm, he sailed for the harbour of St. Augustine, passed over the bar, and engaged two armed vessels for an hour and a quarter, with the Intention to hoard them; but they pushed towards the town and were rescued by six galleys, which came out and joined in the action.
When I was admitted to the bar at twenty-one, she was sixteen -- the age in our southern country when a maiden looks her loveliest.
A pretty figure,  grunted Bars, " my red crop would make on the top of one of them salvages.
At last, on Monday the 3d of January, 1642, the first business day of that year, the king sent a sergeant at arms to the bar of the house, to demand of the speaker five of the most distinguished members
cried the count, his eyes seeming to flash fire through the bars of his vizor, and he stamped violently on the ground as he spoke -- " Splendor of God!
A community provided with ample resources against an endless increase of members, and enjoying a free bar, a free senate, and a free press, if true to herself, must do great things.
Before a legal tribunal, the want of conclusive testimony of guilt justifies an assumption of innocence; but at the bar of public opinion, a man who fails to repel suspicion and reproach virtually indorses the correctness of the popular verdict.
One of the bars of the prison- window had become detached, so that it could be removed without any difficulty, allowing any one of moderate dimensions to get through the aperture.
Under this system of individual property, there is no bar to the right of Usufruct, and the fields, gardens, workshops and manuikctories, with the use of tools, implements and machinery, can be thrown open to all the mernlvcrs of the Association, and the fullest right of cultivating and working in them is extended to every person without restriction.
Mill bars made in the bloomeries in Essex County cost forty-five dollars, delivered at Troy.
The necessary fittings-up of a gymnastic ground are as follow: -- a horizontal bar, a vaulting horse, a leaping-stand, and ladders of rope and wood.
What made you, Sam Bars, take all the ornaments off Philip but the bracelets, without saying anything to me? "
gainsay, and a virtue that he dare not revile; and he stood behind the bar, looking like one who had just seen his grandmother's ghost.
You sire -- advance dis chair un peu Bar.
The bar had buried itself two inches in my neck.
Crossing the Takhoma branch, here thirty yards wide, we kept up the main river, crossing and recrossing the stream frequently, and toiling over rocky bars for four miles, a distance which consumed five hours, owing to the difficulties of the way.
Well, stranger, that bar finally got so sassy, that he used to help himself to a hog off my premises whenever he wanted one; the buzzards followed after what he left, and so, between bar and buzzard, I rather think I was out of pork. "
My impression is, that in point of skill and professional ability the Minnesota bar is a little above the average of territorial bars.
The disconsolate soldier accordingly wended on his way, to tell the best story he could to save himself from blame; while Bars, after relocking his empty prison, and barring his door, snuggled himself alongside his partner to busy his rather obtuse brain with schemes of a like nature on his own behalf.
Hence the expense is very great for vessels of large burthen; and rather than incur it, many ships, after being towed over the bar, which, at this season, can not be crossed otherwise, work their own way up to town, which, with a fair wind, may be effected in twenty-four hours, the distance being but one hundred and five miles; but it not unfrequently takes them ten or fifteen days.
And the indictment, in the case at bar, is bad, because each of the
Besides, nothing was more common in America, than for young men who were intended for the bar to enter in the first instance upon a course of theology, as it also was for ecclesiastics, to devote themselves to the profession of the law.
Then he must understand the effect which the tannin, which is contained in oak bark, has upon the hide; what the substance called tannin is, and whether it does not exist in greater quantities or better qualities ir other barks or woods, or in some substances which are not bar!
What shall we say of this when done, not merely in the course of argument at bar, in which, as already observed, counsel are not understood to speak in their individual capacity; but in an address to the public, through the columns of a newspaper, with the sanction of a name; against a foreigner, partially acquainted with our language, and friendless, except so far as his cause has gained him friends; when done, in fine, by an individual, himself a foreigner, himself an exile from a xvronged, oppressed, insulted, country; himself obnoxious to the stale national sneers and the proverbial sarcasms, of all who can find it in their hearts to indulge in this species of warfare?
The bars and bolts are just as I left them, " said Bim, " black and rusty.
He speeded swiftly into the hall; unfastened the door -- the old bar crumbled as he pulled it down -- and was in the open air.
So So, rural damsels; what my pretty lasses, do you attack in ambuscade?
Give me but a friend and a lass, boys, To drive dull care away.
I 'm tauld that Jenny Davis is amaist wud aboot you; an ' she's a nice lass; an ' her father can gie her twa hunner pun ' ony day.
What a comely lass thou hast gotten for me here!
' Ah, Ben, I see you have an understanding eye to the lasses.
He was transferred at once from the formal routine and rigid rules of a college life, where no flirting with the ladies was permitted to be thought of, except the ethereal flirtation of wooing those shy lasses, the sweet and sacred Nine, ' and where nothing in this round world was considered so important, as to have the first appointment in the class, or be able to write the best ode to Hope, or sonnet to Despair, ' and introduced into the society of elegant and, as he thought, the most enchanting people on earth, and to the bustle and business of a large city.
Yes, to drive dull care away, nothing like a lass and a glass -- nothing like it.
Why like any stout lad that loves a lass and liberty, I'll clear her out and myself too, some way or other; so
From her I learned to love " lasses candy; " from her I learned to bate Tom Jefferson.
So here's to the lad who can talk to his lass, And here's
And what so useful as to make my Annie look gayest of all the village lasses?
where Bessie and he talked it all over afresh, before the gaping Irish lasses and sneering mulattos, till they were found to agree in every particular about the " nasty Yankees, " and their ignorance of what's what, and their uppishness. "
Dorriville Well, well, don't despair, Robert, you shall lead your lass to the altar yet.
if you don't give ear, he will wind you long stories -- than of the prettiest lass for whom youthful knight ever put lance in rest.
Hypolito All gentle quarrels in the pastoral poets, All passionate love scenes in the best romances, All chaste embraces on the public stage, All soft adventures, which the liberal stars Have winked at, as the natural course of things, Have been surpassed here by my friend, the student, And this sweet Gipsy lass, fair Preciosa!
Though differing widely from the buxom lasses of England, their prototypes upon this occasion, yet there was something far from disagreeable in these lithe and graceful creatures, with their bright, savage eyes, supple limbs, and elastic movements.
replied Harbottle, " every lad to his own lass.
We sailors love old England, Our king -- our grog and lass -- And for this precious Island, Won'd fight the world en maise.
(I am ashamed to write it, for I have not pronounced one for a long time,) at the Captain for breaking his word with me and leaving before the hour, one of these Scotch lasses said to me imploringly, for our boat had gotten immediately under the stern of the steamer, where she stood, " Oh!
at the castle of the Heer Van Tassel, which he found thronged with the pride and flower of the adjacent country -- old farmers, a spare leathern-faced race, in homespun coats and breeches, blue stockings, huge shoes, and magnificent pewter buckles; their brisk withered little dames, in close crimped caps, long-waisted shortgowns, homespun petticoats, with scissors and pincushions and gay calico pockets hanging on the outside; buxom lasses, almost as antiquated as their mothers, excepting where a straw hat, a fine ribbon, or perhaps a white frock, gave symptoms of city innovation; the sons, in short square-skirted coats with rows of stupendous brass buttons, and their hair generally queued in the fashion of the times, especially if they could procure an eel-skin for the purpose, it being esteemed throughout the country as a potent nourisher and strengthener of the hair.
but you are a father, with a tight, pretty lass of your own; what cares an old widower for bright een and sunny hair?
But when, as he got accustomed to the place, he accosted them with a gentle voice, said a complimentary word for their sign-board, with its full-length sailor's lass -- Hope upon her anchor, or sturdy Strength, standing square upon his pins -- they began at once to have a fancy for the old man.
Thence, he came back, by another route, to Florence, to Mantua, to Padua, and to Venice; visiting gay cities; consorting with cavaliers and choice spirits; romping with rustic lasses; outfacing bluff bandits; and tuning himself up to the key of that wayward, disorderly time, in the best humour of a bon-camarado who wore silken doublet and trusty Toledo.
Both are young, both are pretty; but methinks the left hand lass is
And the Man with the motionless form and corpse-like visage, uttered a burst of hollow laughter as he replied: " Gilbert had spoken of the pretty lass named Madeline.
A coof cam in wi ' rowth o ' gear, And I hae tint my dearest dear; But woman is but warld's gear, Sae let the bonnie lass gang. "
from her father; but the symmetry, so gracefully elegant, the rounded arm, taper fingers and slender foot, were not quite so strictly Vermontese; though these perfections are much oftener possessed by your rural lasses, than the city belle, or the more fastidious city beau, who is usually a perfect Chinese in his admiration of small feet, imagines possible.
Clink your glasses, toast your lasses, set the table in a roar!
from The poetical works (1854) Mine be a pretty country lass, With soft transparency of cheek, Through which, like red wine in a glass, The blushes eloquently speak Of charms that will outlive the rose
These, with a small sprinkling of ebony lasses and their attendant cavaliers, make up
You would have thought a seclusion so entire, from all society of their equals, must have prevented their acquiring those usual accomplishments, those necessary arts, which every English gentlewoman is presumed to possess, as things of course -- that they must have grown up mere ignorant, unpolished country lasses, without taste or aspiration beyond the small routine of their dull daily duties -- that long confinement must have broken the higher and more spiritual parts of their fine natural minds -- that they must have become mere moping household drudges; and so to think would be so very natural, that it is by no means easy to conceive how it was brought to pass, that the very opposite of
Then she would call out, " Get along you, Jack, pokin ' your fingers into the ' lasses cup; make yourself scarce in this kitchen, or I'll crack your head mighty nigh as hard as the new Miss will. "
That is the woman with the blue tire and the lasses cake! "
He was a handsome chap too, and had a keen eye for a pretty lass, or I am mistaken.
says they, " We want nun of your Yankey rue, or pork and lasses; but we will have that likely British boy " -- (meaning me) " whose name is not on your shipping-paper, and who has no legal pertection. "
Well, old gal -- here's to the wind that blows, the ship that goes, and the lass that loves a sailor! '
Yet I must have an eye to the puritanical curmudgeon that this simple lass has the courtesy to call father. "
Surely, old lass, you ' re safe from Time's aggression, His ancient teeth on you can't make impression.
' You're a gay old lass, ' said the Dead Man, without availing himself of the old lady's kind permission -- ' you have been a ' high one ' in your time, but your day is nearly over. '
Our hero, feeling somewhat mortified in finding that his own sweet notes should be mistaken by his drowsy inamorata for the music of some nocturnal band of feline performers, and perceiving by her snoring that she was again relapsing into slumber, resolved to regale her ears with a livelier strain, though with a text no less beautiful and appropriate: -- " Then round the circle let the glass, Yet in the square, convivial pass; And when the sun winds o'er the lea Each lass shall have her jubilee. "
But I knew the position of the old minister's arm-chair, and also where his wife sat, with her knitting-work, and how to avoid his two daughters, one a stout country lass, and the other a consumptive girl.
Quit your flocks and your herds for a while; Hither quickly repair, In our mirth a part share, And each lass her love meet with a smile.
Meanwhile William and I were already on foot, and our mules were led on by the guide's daughter, a pretty little lass of ten or twelve, who accompanied us in the capacity of mule driver.
These were again followed by two serving-women, fair, buxom-looking lasses, with the dark eyes and rich complexions of the sunny south; and an old steward, or major-domo, riding unarmed beside them.
me my ain Peggy, an ' I care na ' wha gets a ' the lave o ' the bonny lasses in the country.
So he forbore to come at her again; and when he was asked the reason why, he said " that Mercy was a pretty lass, but troubled with ill conditions. "
The large branching silver candlesticks, which stood at each side of a full-length picture of General Washington, on the mantel-piece, were richly fringed with white bridal ornaments, after the good old fashion; and as lively a set of lads and lasses as ever moved through the figures of a cotillion, were keeping time to the impetuous thumping of their own hearts, and the long-sweeping bow-hands of two hereditary fiddlers stationed behind the door.
Aye, aye,  said the wife, " Peggy is a tidy lass, an '
At the toll-gate the keeper could only tell me that a very pretty lass, as he called her, had told him in great alarm that an officer was defending himself against two men whom he had found annoying her, and begged him to send to his aid.
Keep thy hood close, and let the lasses alone, and it may save thy neck.
But tell me now, how is your sweetheart, the pretty, plump, black-eyed lass of the woods here, that you used to toast at your oyster suppers in Philadelphia? "
I believe I 'm not quite as neat in my person, and habiliments, as a country lass should be.
Despatch -- dreadful collision and lass o ' life -- Times, Despatch, and Herald " -- and drunken men whom you meet at every few blocks, and people going everywhere but into the church doors.
the sweet lasses say, " There's Doolittle the dandy. "
It seemed to have struck a sympathetic chord in the countryman; for drawing near the good woman, whose exterior expressed very little resemblance to the gentle emblem by which she had chosen to personify herself, he said, kindly smiling, " Bring me a knife, mother, and I'll give you a slice of butter to garnish your tea-table when your comely lasses come home. "
Naething, Tam,  replied the other, " but I had to tak ' some lasses hame frae the market, and I thought I would come back an ' see some mair o ' the fun, an ' gin you ha ' naething better to do, we'll ha ' a naggin together. "
As he approached Broadway, however, the sounds of life and busy movement reached his ear, and he saw half a dozen young lads and lasses issue from a house on his left, dressed in their Sunday gear
But your stage Rosalind is generally the reverse of Amiens -- an arch, vivacious lass, who imparts due effect to the mixture of natural images and domestic ideas suggested by the saucy words of the song.
The daughters of the Clergyman, the Doctor, and the Merchant, (to give every man his title,) are not so graceful, so pretty, or so polite as the lasses of the farm.
Hoot, Peggy, lass, " said he, in an endearing tone, " dinna be sae flirted.
I espied two buxom lasses just now, Jack; they would greatly add to the repast.
I ' m afraid our acquaintance is going to be broke off for a little while, my lass,  replied the captain. "
Whilst he was doing this, I caught sight of a knot of young lasses, who were sitting near us on the grass surrounded by heaps of flowers which they were forming into garlands.
Well, then, I believe that I did see the lass, mon!
Besides, ye maun grant that it was na very creditable for a poor bonny lass, like her, to be ta'en notice to by a rich lookin ' gentleman sa far abune her, in the market.
The morning rose that ushered in the potato digging-day, in which numerous throngs of lads and lasses dressed in their best attire, with light and merry hearts came from all parts of the adjacent country, into the town of Larne; the lads to march to the work of charity and benevolence, the lasses to witness the procession, and reward their lovers as they passed them with their smiles.
The lyrical ballads, jaco " binical and puling with affectation of simplicity as they " were, had undoubtedly a certain merit *: and Wordsworth, " though occasionally a writer for the nursery-masters and " misses, ' Who took theii ' little porringer, And ate their porridge there, ' " now and then expressed ideas worth miitating; but, like " brother Southey, he had his price; and since he is turned " tax-gatherer, is only fit to rhyme about lasses and wag ' ' goners.
said they did; then says I, the lasses are the more fools to let them.
the lads an ' the lasses, an ' the sports o ' a simmer evening, an ' the jokes an ' mirth o ' a lang winter's nicht -- ah!
He wears a broad-brimmed, low-crowned hat; a huge roll of colored handkerchief about his neck, knowingly knotted and tucked in at the bosom; and has in summer-time a large bouquet of flowers in his buttonhole, the present, most probably, of some enamored country lass.
Not those of the bevy of buxom lasses with their luxurious display of red and white, but the ample charms of a genuine Dutch country tea-table in the sumptuous time of autumn.
But courage, old lass, I hope to see thee soon within a biscuit's toss of the merry land, riding snugly at anchor in some green cove, and sheltered from the boisterous winds.
But I hope his honour an ' you will oblige me, by comin ' wi ' Peggy and these ither lasses, to tak share o ' half a pint, an mak ' up the matter. "
(" Thu mir zurecht, Bottgher, sonst lass ich dich hangen ").
But the girl of Tower Hill, who hung on Jack's neck before he departed; and the lass at Quimper, who gave the Frenchman his brdle-gueule and tobaccobox before he departed on
I suppose I am foolish,  replied the dame, wiping a tear away, " but I feared, lest the girl might derive some encouragement from it, though otherwise, Prudence is a good lass, and obedient, and I have no other fault to find with her; but I recollect now, when I was a girl, how
Here Gilbert, pleased with this generosity of Nancy, as if his heart misgave him for having said any thing to hurt her feelings, arose and, catching both her and Maria by the hand, said -- " Ye are baith my bairns -- gude lasses to yere father, an ' I hae na ' fan't to find wi
Come, lads and lasses, sing, dance and be merry.
intelligence offices, of which, in common with all other country lasses living in the neighborhood of the city, she had heard much; and like them, thought she had only to go there to get employment at once.
as he entered; and as the negro sentinel thrust in his turbaned head, at the half-opened door -- " jump up on deck, and clear away my pinnace; bring it round to the starboard gangway, and after we shall have left the ship -- I and the gentlemen -- do thou and Charon lead down the lady there, and the black lass, and row them straight to the sallyport, entering the covered way: I will be there to meet ye; and hark, sirrah, in your ear -- do thou, or thy swart
Sir Edward, " answered the fellow, with a cunning grin, clearly perceiving the drift of his master's question, " there was a very pretty lass upon his arm, wasn't there, sir? "
Especially was he beloved by the pretty girls along the Connecticut, whose favor he used to court by presents of the best smoking-tobacco in his stock; knowing well that the country lasses of New England are generally great performers
God bless you, my gude bairn -- you were aye a gude lass, a gude dauchter to me.	54:58	0:82	 God bless you , my gude bairn -- you were aye a gude lass , a gude dauchter to me .
Says Mr. Jones " As the children could not make use of books, and being the only teacher, I was compelled to throw the whole school into one (lass, and to teach them all together on the inthnt schoot plan.
-- He was a regular lad-seaman in his appearance and dress, and a foul anchor imprinted with India ink into his wrist, and the initials of some lass ashore done upon his fair white neck, rendered visible by the gaping of his
In a few minutes more another made a kind of circuit round the room, and passing near him, dropped a small piece of paper into his hand, and scarcely had he put away the first before another billet was dropped at his feet as a gay lass brushed by him, saying she was going to peep out the door to see if papa was coming.
Perfection whispered, passing by, Behold the Lass of Ballochmyle. '
merry lass, who broke the crockery, burned the dinner, tore the clothes in ironing, and knocked down everything that stood in her way about the house, without at all discomposing herself about the matter.
At length Jew Mike himself was vociferously called on for either a song or a story; and not being a vocalist, the gentleman preferred entertaining his friends with the latter; so, clearing his throat by an enormous draught of brandy, he began as follows: JEW MIKE 'S STORY " You see, lads and lasses, a year or two before I came to this accursed country to be jugged for a ten spot, for manslaughter, (it was a clear murder, though, and a good piece of work, too,) I was a nobleman's butler in the great city of London.
Easter and Whitsuntide are now little more than names; and that most delightful of ruralities, dancing round the maypole, and choosing the " queen of May " from the prettiest lass of the village, has become nearly obsolete.
You may present the furious little lass With her own image in a looking glass -- Tell her the passion which her peace annoys, Disturbs her person, and her mind destroys, Can only serve to make her tortur'd breast An emblem of a raging hornet's nest; Her friends will
A Scotch lass ushers you into the second story front chamber, which is the spacious workship of the world maker.
King Charles II Spoken like an oracle; and did not you say that this pretty lass was his niece?
Suppose all Mr. Wood's defamatory allegations to be true -- suppose him to be able to rake up against her out of the records of the Antigua police, or from the veracious testimony of his brother colonists, twenty stories as bad or worse than what he insinuates -- suppose the whole of her own statement to be false, and even the whole of her conduct since she came under our observation here to be a tissue of hypocrisy; -- suppose all this -- and leave the negro woman as black in character as in complexion, 21 -- yet it would affect not the main facts -- which are these.
It is historical, and the name and circumstances are to be found in the records of those times.
The Confucian school flourished in high esteem; about a hundred years after the death of its founder it produced its next most eminent sage, Mencius, the record of whose wisdom is included in, and closes, the sacred canon.
/z/ Hence was it a principal design of the revelation of which we have the records in the books of the Old Testament, to teach the divine unity; to instruct men in the worship of one God, the eternal, unchangeable, almighty Maker, and Sovereign of the world, the only invisible object of the homage of men; and to draw them off from the imagination, that different beings preside over different parts of nature, or that good and evil spring from different and independent sources, and that the mixture of good and evil, which is seen in the universe, is to be traced to two self-existent, independent, and opposite principles.
9, in relation to the records and copies of the records.
@@170 THE Buccaneers; A ROMANCE OF OUR OWN COUNTRY IN ITS ANCIENT DAY; ILLUSTRATED WITH DIVERS MARVELLOUS HISTORIES, AND ANTIQUE AND FACETIOUS EPISODES; GATHERED FROM THE MOST AUTHENTIC CHRONICLES &; AFFIRMED RECORDS EXTANT FROM THE Settlement of the Nieuw Nederlandts UNTIL THE TIMES OF THE FAMOUS RICHARD KID: CAREFULLY COLLATED FROM THE LABORIOUS RESEARCHES, AND MINUTE INVESTIGATIONS, OF THAT EXCELLENT ANTIQUARY AND SUBLIME PHILOSOPHER, YCLEPT TERENTIUS PHLOGOBOMBOS.
The book remains, as we say, the most formidable record at present extant of the selfish ambition, the culpable folly, and the at last glaring incapacity of Napoleon Bonaparte.
Written laws are a // record of the state of parties and opinion at the time when they were made; however faithful and just, they cast no spell over the encroachments of time and the laws of political gravitation.
I see thou art studying these evidences of years in my features as the forester examines the rings in the fallen tree to estimate its age, but these (pointing to the wrinkles) are records which years alone could not have wrought.
Nor can it be questioned from what stands on legendary record of this noble horse, that it was his spiritual whiteness chiefly, which so clothed him with divineness; and that this divineness had that in it which, though commanding worship, at the same time enforced a certain nameless terror.
The time has come when the people can only trust such men as are known by their past record to be national statesmen; to such men as can not, by local causes, be turned aside from the great good of the nation.
It is a very mistaken conception, that the effect of a good or a bad state of the art of reporting is merely, whether we shall or shall not have a faithful record of what is spoken in our deliberative assemblies at any particular time.
They regarded them as their public records, as the means of perpetuating all public fame, all private honour, and all valuable instruction.
Can you find in the page of any history, -- in the record of any age or country -- a Spirit at once so loving and so actual
Doctor Cotton Mather preached his funeral sermon, from these words: " Looking steadfastly on him, they saw his face, as it had been the face of an angel " He calls him that man of G-od, and has left on record a full testimony to his usefulness in life, and to his happiness in death. "
The discoveries which this volume records form the basis of physical astronomy.
In view of the latter, it seems scarcely credible, that, until the middle of the, fifteenth century, no mariner of Europe had dared to lose sight of his own coast; but such is the record of history.
This idea probably took its origin in a wish to support certain interpretations of the Mosaic record, and it has never yet been propounded by any writer who seemed to have a due sense of the value of science in this class of investigations.
A Convention was called, a Constitution framed and adopted; and the second act of the new Congress stands on the records entitled: " An Act to make provision for the necessities of government, the payment of the national debt, and the protection of American manufactures. "
In the progress of our maritime war, many interesting questions of public law gave scope to his learning and ability; and the aid that he contributed to the erection of the system of Prize Law, which, in the absence of precedent, the Supreme Court was under the necessity of building up, is prominent in the judicial records of the times.
In others, though the spirit of the rule ought to be observed, it is generally expected of the secretary, that his record shall be both a journal, and in some sort a report, of the proceedings.
And, in consulting the records of a professed revelation, we are seeking the testimony of God, not of man.
The church records having been consumed when the parsonage house was burned, in the spring of 1742, it is impossible to present so definite an account of Mr. Moody's success in the ministry, as otherwise could be done.
Then there is not a single provision, in the whole system, for the delivery of a fugitive; nor any record, in the whole history, of a single case of such delivery; nor any thing in all the laws and history, that looks as though such delivery was intended.
4 The Cushites, or Ethiopians, let me tell you, established the first regular police which history records.
The records of a prosperous country life are easily and briefly told.
XVe have seen what he was in Dec. 1836, and Feb. 1837-that he rejected the historic records of Christianity, and rested in the absolute religion.
may the record of the gracious dealings of my God ever serve to quicken, enliven and encourage me and make me faithful, for Christ
If there were any other representatives than these concerned in the declaration of independence, if that act was performed by representatives chosen by ' the whole people of the colonies, ' for that or any other purpose, if any such representatives could possibly have been chosen by the colonies as then organized, no historical record, that has yet met my view, contains one syllable of the matter. "
The selectmen and town-clerk send a copy of that record, certified by them, to the office of the secretary of state, seventeen days before the last Wednesday of
Any person can select a quarter, or even an eighth section, -- 160 or 80 acres, - wherever he can find one surveyed and not yet sold, and by making a record of his intention to occupy and settle it himself he can secure what is called the " pre * imption right; " - a right which, partly by the force of law and partly by custom, amounts to a privilege of purchasing that land at the minimum price of $1.25 an acre, whenever the government shall think proper to sell it, which it will do when // the settlement is so far advanced as to render it probable that most of the land in the vicinity will bring that price.
I pass by the following day or two of our journey, for nothing occurred worthy of record.
This is a little over the record of Dr. Tanner, but the result is very different.
Of the impressions which they produced upon the artist's mind, we have only one partial record; and, although we can, perhaps, reconcile it with the course of his subsequent studies, and the acknowledged superiority which resulted from them, this record is hardly what we might have anticipated.
has lived long enough-he has done enough, and done so successfully, so honorably as to connect himself, for all time, with the records of his country. "
The record is inscribed in pages that survive storm, and wreck, and fire; -- more indelibly written than on pillars of brass
This is clearly shown by the record of his whole life.
How many lives have been saved; how many weather-worn mariners, bowed down with disease, have been renewed in health and strength; how many unhappy castaways have found food abundantly, where all they could expect was a lingering death; and have been sustained in their exile, and restored at last to their friends and kindred, through the unselfish benevolence of this brave and kind-hearted navigator, no written record exists to tell; but there arc records graven upon the hearts of
But history has also her brighter chapters, and her immortal record of such teachers as Socrates and Plato; and of races too, that seem
in all the records of sorrow, we know not a more melancholy tale, than that of the close of Chatterton's career.
records of the latter prison do not furnish the means for making this distinction.
After a not very willing and a wholly fruitless search in his own records, he told his wearisome visitor that he could not answer her question, and he recommended her
@@554481 txt THE Legislature of Massachusetts has at various times manifested a very commendable desire to preserve the records and muniments of our forefathers, and to diffuse the knowledge of our colonial and provincial history.
/z/ /q/ ' Record your resolutions; number your duties; kindle your devotion at the foot of the cross; fix your fleeting hopes; and prepare for the year that shall never end.
I proposed to join a village and make myself an inmate of one of their lodges; and henceforward this narrative, so far as I am concerned, will be chiefly a record of the progress of this design apparently so easy of accomplishment, and the unexpected impediments that opposed it.
Containing a faithful record of the PERAMBULATIONS, PERILS, TRAVELS, ADVENTURES, AND SPORTING TRANSACTIONS OF THE CORRESPONDING MEMBERS.
It would be not a little amusing, if people should, hereafter, have to turn to Randolph, to know, who Mr. Pinkney was -- to that very Randolph, as the only record; or the best record of Mr. Pinkney the father; or of Mr Pinkney the son.And yet, I have no doubt that it will be so.
Tradition speaks in exalted terms of several efforts of this kind, of which no record was made.
, the Press Footnote: 1Kb That like another Sun, illumes the world With intellectual lustre -- and those records, The Greek and Roman classics, which hand down The ages past, marshalling forth those men Who trod the stage of honourable life, And clarm'd posterity to imitation -- Whence that alarm?
If there was nothing peculiar in kind in our Saviour's position, with reference to the world and the ages, no law of the Divine consistency and veracity made it necessary that the common mind should have access to reliable records of his life and character.
because those most concerned in them preferred to leave a generous indefiniteness about their history, -- or that no wills are on record, for the good reason that there was no property to be conveyed by that method, - the inquirer must acquiesce.
Still, he follows with so much enthusiasm the wonderful story of their achievements, and depicts in such glowing colors their noble bearing and prowess, that the general effect is like that of a record of knight-errantry; his heart is stirred within him, as at the sound of a trumpet, by the recital of their deeds; and the consequence is, that the reader is hurried along with him, and cheated into admiration of a
He then buttered his toast, and with a piece of smoked herring as a relish, proceeded very composedly to eat his supper on the corner of his table, his cup resting on Chitty's Pleadings, his saucer on a copy of the Revised Statues, and his plate upon the open volume of the Records of the Court of Sessions, while his sugar bowl and cream-pot found a clear place of the table for their accommodation.
@@554344 txt THE most instructive chapter in the comprehensive records of philosophy, is example.
marriage, and the births resulting from it, do not appear on the same record.
This " nurture and admonition of the Lord " under the parental roof, and the memories and records of his pious ancestry, had a strong influence upon him.
Perhaps his name might be found in the records of that stern Court of Justice, which passed a sentence, too mighty for the age, but glorious in all after times, for its humbling lesson to the monarch and its high example to the subject.
Craig had been so indiscreet as to preserve this accusing record, and it was discovered in this depository.
The Lord, that hath a record of all things lost, only knows!
The record that has come down to us from other nations, written with their own blood, should be a warning to the free citizens of this republic to
The impression left by this simple record of woman's part in the revolutionary struggle is that of the general tone of feeling rather than of particular incidents of heroism.
On the other hand, those who stood where they stand now, -- whose names occupied the signs and the records which theirs now fill, -- have passed away, or, here and there, come
We anticipate great pleasure and profit in studying the ministerial records of other denominations.
Senator Benton is able to fill his book with the record of a succession of double triumphs, that his great measures have been approved by the people, and that the country has held on in a career of unprecedented prosperity under their operation.
The readers, therefore, may rely upon the record as the truth,
To apply it to a nobleman, indeed, would have been, at one time, to have given a mortal affront, and a curious anecdote is on record, to this effect in the case of
The fitful winds no record keep, what sorrows then befell; The sunny brook goes babbling on; the Spring leaves come and go, Yet they waken not the heart that here lies mouldering and low; These ashes will not live again till the dim skies abroad Are as a scroll, and Earth and Sea heave in the breath of God!
my name effac'd From Glory's brilliant record.
Of the impressions which they produced upon the artist's mind, we have only one partial record; and, although we can, perhaps, reconcile it with the course of his subsequent studies, and the acknowledged superiority which resulted from them, this record is hardly what we might have anticipated.
The rest of the morning between engrossing deeds and the Record Office.
This, as a practical art, is generally supposed to be coeval with the human race, and its existence is recognised in the earliest records of man, authentic or fabulous.
This record shall be read at the commencement of the next subsequent meeting.
I am free; -- And in the freedom I have won from him, And in the bondage I have sworn to thee, I write the record of my happiness!
THIS story is not a fiction; -- the principal circumstances stand on record.
There are but few traces on record of their dealings, in which, of course, the horroxving was all on one side and the lending on the other; but that Addison lent freely appears from a remark in one of Steele's letters to his wife, in which he says, that " he has paid Mr. Addison the whole thousand pounds. "
And when personal incentives cease, that deep instinctive interest, common to all men in the story of any human carccr, prolongs the charm and power of the record.
The proceedings in his case may be known by the subjoined extract from the records.
Of the many generous acts of Lady Blessington, we find few records in her correspondence, but we shall iind in her letters evidences enough (undesignedly furnished by her) of that natural and
Not an infant dies or is born, but is made the subject of verse; nay, its smiles and tears are put on record; its hobby-horse, and its infant ideas as they begin to bud and breathe aloud.
As no event of particularly marked interest occurred with those whose histories we are writing, during the next few years, we will pass over that time without a record.
The ministers of the Crown confessed this in the very resolutions they offered; Parliament confessed it; and it is a fact undeniable upon the record; proved by authentic state papers, of which we have given some idea in the preceding pages.
He had rarely been upon these waves, and the records of his boasted art were not found in these deserts.
When we look for the record we find but little authority for a faith so confiding, and seemingly so exaggerated.
She turned her face to the rostrum, on which Hunter was already displaying the record of a nation's enfranchisement; but interrupted his proceedings without ceremony, crying eagerly, " You have a painter's eyes, Mr. Hunter -- do you know that man on the road yonder?
Julian spared him that portion of his knowledge, secret to all but himself, of which he had left such a sudden and bloody record, at midnight, on the battle-field of Ceuta.
* So far as New England is concerned, the history of the country, from its settlement up to the present day, is little else than a record of the continual sacrifice of every selfish con.
How far the same remark can be applied to another country, the constant rival and often the enemy of France, the records of the courts which take cognizance of such offences against duty, honor, and even common honesty, will bear ample but humiliating testimony.
They were required to kneel in his presence, and their decree was taken from the record and torn in pieces before their eyes, and the leading members were suspended and banished.
We once heard an intelligent man somewhat conversant with political affairs, assert in a public lecture, that there was one case of extravagant speculation and consequent revulsion on record, not connected with this principle of expansion, viz, the case of the " South Sea bubble " in 1722: if that
majority of whom are from the South, recommend two additions to the fugitive slave bill now before Congress; according to the first, " the owner of a fugitive from service or labor 22* // is, when practicable, to carry with him to the State in which the person is found a record, from a competent tribunal, adjudicating the facts of elopement and slavery, with a general description of the fugitive.
The Gracchi, Agis, Cleomenes, and others of Plutarch's heroes, do not in the record of facts equal their own fame.
Bond, the register of the family contains this record: " Henry Bright, Sen., in the town record sometimes called Old Bright, ' died in Watertown, Sept. 14, 1674, above a hundred years old, ' according to the town records, and one hundred and nine years old, according to the county records.
hurried travel, to the record before him; varying this employment with speeches without number, delivered in all possible attitudes to imaginary audiences of every temper, complexion and constitution.
He, however, made his speech, addressing it particularly to one or two persons who were near, knowing that they would put the substance of it on record, and thus make it known to all mankind.
Suffice it, that the villain has escaped, for you know that I was unfortunately absent during the whole of these transactions, but while he exists, the fires of hell could not burn out the record of his guilt.
She moaned in very sympathy, and stroked gently back the straight raven hair, now clotted with blood.
Florence seated herself, and as she did so, leaned her head on Mary's shoulder, while the latter wound her arm fondly about her, and gently stroked back the
and as she spoke she stroked Jane's hair back from her pure smooth brow
As his manner was, he stroked with his hand the long tuft on his chin, before he commenced speaking: " There are things, " he said, " in the speech of the worshipful brother whereof I approve, and others, again, whereunto I may not give my assent.
He would stroke The head of modest and ingenuous worth That hlushed at its own praise, and press the youth Close to his side that pleased him. "
, Abbot upon wrecks; To Jacobs then, to Jacobson turn'd next, Then shook his head and stroked his chin perplex'd.
And his eye ran from the name of Bodgers to the name of Flint, and he stroked his wig in a reflective manner, and laid the paper upon his knee, and removing his spectacles, placed them upon it, and eyeing keenly Mr. Quid, said: " It's my opinion, sir, that this paper is a forgery! "
nieces very affectionately, gave a double caress to Adeline, stroked her pretty curls, admired her beadwork, talked to her about her doll, and then proceeded to invite the whole family to a Twelfth-Day party, given for their especial benefit.
NOT a little disturbed, lest I should distrust the quality of his valor, the major approached me shortly after we had set sail, and having stroked his beard for a few seconds, said: " I do hope, sir, you will not think it strange I did not use my sword to avenge the insult offered me by the enemies who mixed up with my friends on the wharf.
It, meseems, thou art in a hurry to have justice done thee, good fellow,  said, with a grim smile, the gentleman who was the third one described, stroking, with his embroidered glove, the tuft of hair that hung below his chin. "
When he was gone, the latter stroked his chin complacently as he soliloquized -- " He will do to break ground with this fellow, Calvert.
The Caliph stroked his beard and looked at Giafer, and Giafer shook his head with that solemn air which (even before the time of Lord Burleigh) meant so much among counsellors of state.
Stroke after stroke the heavy bells rang midnight, and it seemed, to each of those excited minds, as though an age elapsed between each
She laughed a little, and went on stroking his face. "
Mrs. Barton was not free from the superstition which pervades her class, and she gladly permitted him to stroke her face, which he did with a gravity that evinced perfect faith in his own powers; and in the course of fifteen minutes, she declared herself completely relieved, and cheerfully resumed her labors.
Cassy sat down by her, put her arm round her neck, stroked her soft, brown hair; and Emmeline then wondered at the beauty of her magnificent eyes, now soft with tears. "
at the company, Mr. Lowe took his departure, involuntarily stroking with increased affection the nasal eminence which had furnished occasion for so much misplaced merriment. "
Thou'lt see, most worshipful, " said Jacques, stroking his chin and looking straightforward with a fierce aspect, " when next thou comest our way, how bravely I'll swear by my beard!
, red face crimsoned, and his thoughts seemed in his beard, for after stroking and fretting it for some seconds, he spoke as follows: " Fellow-citizens: I am sure I have not merited the great homage bestowed upon me to-day.
The poor girl obeyed, but without any apparent interest, and without even seeming conscious of the endearing tenderness with which Hope stroked back her hair, and kissed her cheek. "
Andy had half put out his hand to stroke her.
Edward stroked his face and run his fingers along the edge of his collar, remarking, indifferently, as he did so -- " It's no matter.
But mark: -- ' T is but a rumor, we may hope unfounded: Though ephod-wearers stroke their beards and smile.
Our guide, before mounting him, stroked his head with his hand, and patted his shining neck fondly, saying, at the same time, in his ear, " We're off again, my old Rover, on a long hunt, with brave young followers: you must show them what you're made of before we get back again. "
Guly threw an arm about him, and with the other hand stroked the dark locks soothingly back from the excited brow. "
She stroked her silken hair, and caressed her as if she had been a sister, and giving her a few toys from her rich pocket, she hurried on to overtake her teacher who was descending the stairs that led to the lowest corridor, and thence to the yard.
When the gymnotus is exhausted, or in a very reduced state of excitability, and will no longer emit strokes on being irritated with one hand, the shocks are felt in a very vivid manner, on forming the chain, and employing both hands.
Mr. Tickler shook his head, and stroked his beard, despondingly. "
My setting forward was somewhat before seauen in the morning; my Taberer stroke up merrily; and as fast as kinde peoples thronging together would giue mee leaue, thorow London I leapt.
There was one Valentine Greatarick, who affirmed that he had the gift of healing diseases, by stroking and rubbing the diseased parts with his hands.
a moment, and strokes his poor little thin cheeks, and thinks what a laughing, happy little fellow he once was, till she has not a heart to reprove him.
Redwort stroked his iron-gray moustache, and regarded Martin complacently, to observe the effect of his confessions on his new acquaintance. "
One arm was thrown listlessly above his head, his dark curls, disheveled and tangled, were stroked back from his brow, and his cheeks, though hotly flushed, looked as if bearing the bright glow of some pleasant dream.
he shows him " the belts and moons of Jupiter, the rings of Satnrn, and his satellites, the gibbous appearance of Mars, and the wond ers of the milky way, " -- the astrologer stroking his beard, and saying, " God is great, and truly you are one of the wise ones of the earth, " and the youthful missionary saying, " if Moolahs will permit us to take them by the hand, and lead them in the paths of science, the time is near when we can lead them to the Lamb of God. "
I went up, and amused myself with stroking her.
Both Harry and the groom were ready to submit their difference to him, and even Mad Sallie was soothed into quietness by his voice and hand, as he spoke gently to her and stroked her mane while he critically examined every point of the harness. "
For this lightning stroke that hath scathed him, for the blight and blackening of all earthly hope, what we call language hath no tint nor pencil. "
The first white hunter o ' old Kaintuck,  answered the other, stroking the neck of the fiery beast on which the lady was now sitting. "
them, and to take From their fair hands the dainties they would bring; And they would stroke his sable fur, and feel His velvet paws; and then he licked his paws, And paws so touched, he could have licked, and lived Long on such licking.
I don't know, you little thing,  said Harry, stroking her head fondly. "
I crave your majesty's pardon,  said Frank, stroking his sovereign tenderly on the shoulder; for which affectionate demonstration he was rewarded by a violent push that laid him prostrate. "
-- Poor old guide-book, thought I, tenderly stroking its back, and smoothing the dog-ears with reverence; I will not use you with despite, old Morocco!
I told you about Nannie: she is the girl that is so kind to everybody; and she always speaks softly to the heifer, and pats her, and strokes her, and the men kick her and beat her. "
whose branches gray, Hung o'er the passing traveler's way, Until the woodman's echoing stroke The silence of the forest broke, And felled to earth the giant oak.
And as he ceased speaking he stroked his whiskers, and glanced with much apparent self-approval upon his bright breastplate which reflected his handsome features as in a mirror. "
To confirm this state of things, Mr. Sam Chisel said that he had seen a man in a thin face and Roman nose stand at the window several times " atween daylight and dark, his hand stroking a dry tuft of whisker, like a goat. "
T was not well done; thou shouldst have stroked him, And not have galled him.
The Turk marked well the influence of the scenery upon the Circassian, and slowly stroked his beard with silent satisfaction at the sight.
back into his place, and, removing his cap, stroked down the remnants of his gray and sandy locks, with an air of mortification mingled with submission.
Winnie lay there still, and Winthrop was softly playing with one of her hands and striking it and stroking it against his own.
And the Dey, who was a noble looking man, with a magnificent brown beard, stroked his beard and looked contented.
While the old knight drew a chair, and after sundry hems and stroking his chin, thus gravely addressed her: " I am informed, Madam, that you are desirous of an interview with me; will you be so good as to enlighten me as to the cause of the unexpected honour? "
She went to him, he took her in his lap, pressed her hard to his breast, and stroked her hair.
Mr. Bivins, too, sitting over his crusted ashes, and stroking his wig consequentially, reflected long upon his interview with the proprietor of Blimmersville; and putting his various queries together, he thought within himself: " Blimmer is a man to be watched! "
Robert took his little sister in his arms, and stroked her little black head, and kissed her cheek, and then he drew himself proudly up, saying, " Nina?
Twice, Baron, has the tedious night Been reddened by our watch-fires bright; Twice has the morning sunbeam found Our force afoot on hostile ground, And nothing in the shape of foe Has brandished axe, or bended bow " -- Murmured De Nonville, in disdain, Stroking his courser's flowing mane. "
I prefer running rigs to running races; and if I thought ever so much of a woman, I shouldn't thank her for admiring the legs of my horse more than she did my own; " and, with these words, he extended the favorite limbs -- showing a handsomely-turned thigh, calf, and ankle -- and stroked them with the complacency of a bachelor whose frequent escapes from the snares of the sex have sufficiently shown his value.
At last he closed his eyes with his own hands, and gently stroking his own forehead, with a smile in his countenance, he gave a little groan, and so expired his blessed soul into the arms of his fellow-servants, the holy angels, on July 7, 1647.
The Frenchman stroked the gray fur with slow touch. "
said Fanny, who felt more encouraged, as she saw Dred stroking a squirrel. "
Many a time have I known her to abstract a measure of oats from the parson's frugal store, and set it under the elm tree for Clover, and as she stood by him while he was eating, patting and stroking him, he would look round at her with an expression of mute gratitude and fondness, that words could
Dear grandpapa,  returned Blanche, approaching him and stroking down his snow-white locks with her soft hand,
So called from the syllogist himself, doubtless;  said Mohi, stroking his beard. "
It is only age, " he said, slowly stroking his white beard, " that teaches us wisdom, and persuades us to renounce the hope of escaping ourselves; and just as we are discovering the Philosopher's Stone, relieves our anxiety by pointing the way to Eldorado. "
shall silence him myself, without speech or stroke from you being necessary.
Eddie enjoyed hearing him crack them with his sharp teeth, and would stroke his great head, and say kindly, " Poor Philo!
The Mussulman, as he sat there in a thoughtful and silent mood, stroked slowly the jetty black beard that swept his breast, while he seemed completely absorbed in contemplating the scene before him.
She smoothed the pillow where he lay, she warmly tucked the bed, She wiped his tears, and stroked the curls that clustered round his head.
It was forced upon Austria by the formidable proportions of the anti-Russian alliance, which threatened to sever from her at one stroke her Italian provinces if she took part with the enemy; but it will be observed, that while leaning to the side of the Alliance, she has steadily endeavored to present a minimum of opposition to Russia.
She allowed him to weep on, though she kept saying, " Geo'ge, Geo'ge, " softly, and stroking his knee with the hand next him.
Kitty, Kitty, " he called to his fingers an amiable and womanly looking Maltese, and taking her in his arms, stroked her back, in face of the wilful man, and added, " That is good; I love cats, too! "
and he gazed about him with evident satisfaction, stroking the hounds that loved to wander from their young master's presence to the sunny room, where there was always a kind word and a gentle pat for them. "
As he said this, he stroked down his respectable and kindly-looking locks, behind, and took his homely pipe. "
When his doom the Captive heareth, How thy summons, stroke on stroke, Tells the fatal moment neareth, Sounding like the heavy stroke Distant heard ere falls the oak!
Looks are nothing,  replied Edward, stroking his beard.
Mrs. Landholm was silent a minute or two, stroking Winifred's head and kissing her. "
Stroke after stroke the heavy bells rang midnight, and it seemed, to each of those excited minds, as though an age elapsed between each
If so, it is probable that Fulton's alphabet may be traced, to his having scalded himself, some time or other, with the steam of a tea-pot -- and that of Franklin, to a practice of stroking back the hair of cats, in a dark entry -- or some other, equally rational, or philosophical pastime.
-- " " Poor Winnie, " said her brother stroking her hair, -- " you haven't seen it in a good while. "
If you see, for instance, a pretty woman alone, with her curry companion, you can just walk on, " commercing with the skies " till the lady gets one side of you and the dog the other; this will give you the opportunity of begging her pardon, of patting and stroking the dog a little; it may break the ice toward an acquaintance; or, if the place be convenient to fall, you had better let her trip you up, and then she will be very sorry.
But now there were twelve strokes to be sounded by the bell of the clock; and thus it happened, perhaps, that more of thought crept, with more of time, into the meditations of the thoughtful among those who revelled.
But soon after, death entered his household, and in succeeding years stroke after stroke of affliction came upon him.
As the doctor spoke the bell, soothed by a lull of the storm, rang slowly stroke by stroke; and its intermitting toll seemed to testify to the truth of the old man's words.
Philip often visited Cambiaso while at work, and one day remarking that the head of St. Anne among the blessed was too youthful, the painter replied by seizing his pencil, and with four strokes so seamed the face with wrinkles, and so entirely altered its air, that the royal critic once more " remained stupid, " hardly knowing whether he had judged amiss, or the change had been effected by magic.
Attempt to lead him with a silken string, To stroke his bristled mane and gaily pat His iron scales?
As he looked he stroked his beard, and muttered, addressing himself to the hunchback, " Harkee, Najara, man!
Yes, indeed,  said her aunt, fondly stroking her head. "
The first thing that attracted their attention was the sound of a bell, which struck four strokes very distinctly, and in a very peculiar manner, near where the helmsman stood in steering the ship.
Gathering her skirts lightly in her hand, -- they were not so long as to interfere materially with her walking, -- she came tripping up to the door, but did not appear to be in haste, for seeing the children, she paused in evident surprise, stooped down and stroked the head of Harry's dog, with which they were playing, and asked them a few questions, to which, however, she failed to obtain satisfactory answers.
Jane, encouraged by this evidence of docility, put her hand on the animal's neck, and stroked his long head gently with her hand, while Neddy gathered handful after handful of hay, and stood close by the mouth of the old horse, as he ate it with the air of one who enjoyed himself.
But stern disease his footstep staid, And down the woodman's axe he laid -- The fever-flame was high; No more the forest fear'd his stroke, He fell, as falls the smitten oak, The emigrant must die.
