I put my bag on the bed and turned back to the mirror, then stopped still, in shock-I had almost failed to recognize myself!
MEDIUM SHOT - GRANT AND MASSEUSE She sets a bag down then turns away and unbuttons and removes her shirt, revealing large breasts in a bra.
Here, " she said, accosting a stupefied middle-aged woman clutching a shopping bag to her bosom. "
sheets, pillows, quilts; with rolled-up rugs and sleeping bags, with bicycles, skis, rucksacks, English and Western saddles, inflated rafts.
T HEIR VOICES woke him, and when they started up the stairs, he turned quietly onto his side, his back to the door, and heard the girls with soft-crackling shopping bags going into their rooms and his mother coming to his; she stopped at the doorway and he breathed as though asleep until she turned and went to her room.
, anyway, I 'm behind the desk, lost in mindless thought trying not to think about Nick and, of course, thinking about nothing else, and the elevator door opens, and this guy walks into the room with the golf clubs in one hand, and he's got a shoulder bag on the other side, sort of a Navajo tapestry thing with ratty fringe, overflowing with papers and leaflets and God knows what.
Vending machines lined one wall, a cracked mirror ran the length of another; tables with linoleum chipping from their tops were haphazardly pushed together or apart as the women arranged themselves, spreading out their lunch bags, their soda cans and ashtrays, unwrapping sandwiches from wax paper.
He took it back to his bachelor pad bungalow off the Strip, put it on a copy of The Hollywood Reporter on a table between an empty tequila bottle and a detritus of grease-sheened Jack-in-the-Box fries bags.
They wanted bags of water and any dried buffalo meat the village could spare.
Slim is smoking, lying stoically on his side on his sleeping bag, gutting it out.
SHOT FROM ABOVE The maid helps to put a bag into the car.
I'll have this bag emptied for you in a jiff; just want to stow the glass. "
The ladder rattled and shook as Xucate climbed down, carrying a basket of dried beans and a bag of pinole, finely ground corn.
There were plastic bags full of garbage in the entryway to Benny's apartment and the light overhead was only a dirty bare bulb.
night and turns away, walks down the rolling runway, slides into a lower bunk at the side of the bus where he has stored his bags.
And because each child will end up with a box of gorgeous, hand-decorated stationery, there's no need to fuss over gift bags.
Locket to begin stuffing the papers into his bag.
While she had been otherwise occupied, he had put the motorcycle up on its center stand and was, as she returned, unhitching the gym bag from the back.
Photograph Arthur Hills left nothing in the bag at the Hyatt Hill Country Resort, skillfully using the surroundings to craft an exacting, subtle gem.
Several aicon leaves floated in sealed plastic bags on an old potting table.
All these women in their fur coats and $7,000 Gucci bags and the guys with the dia -- mond pinky rings would be standing in line to get in on the deal.
I said, spinning on her and nearly knocking her over with my carry-on bag.
He came to this war with a bag full of medical supplies.
Those who are unbelted or not wearing a shoulder strap are in danger of getting hit by the dashboard cover as well as the air bag as it deploys.
I'll show you the closet where we found the bag.
She opened her overnight bag and took over the bathroom.
He takes the booth so's he can hide better, but he don't order nothing ' cause he got all that shit in him and he thinks maybe if the bags get wet, if he drinks something, ' cause it ain't the usual carry, it might, you know, really do some permanent damage.
hefts the chair over the fence and slides it down the bank, and then climbs over and down after it with their beach bag.
Holding the bag Suddenly they find themselves holding what may be a fast-emptying " Muskie-forpresident " bag here, while their political hero continues his major primary campaign focus in the Pennsylvania primary --
She sat down and tore off the Sunday-comics wrapping on the bigger package, which turned out to be a bag of leather scraps in several colors. "
An ancient boxer's heavy bag leaning in one corner.
Mik tossed the bag with the leftovers in the back of the SUV and hoped it wouldn't get lost amidst the piles of gear they were hauling.
Apparently frustrated by resistance to his pet auto safety device, the inflatable air bag, Nader laced into Secretary of Transportation William T. Coleman Jr.
MILLY Who packs a bag now, to run away with you?
, I have been working so hard for 25 years-why can't I have another pair of Manolo Blahnik shoes or that bag that I love? "
Her blood was spurting down a tube and into a plastic bag that was strapped to the side of the bed.
Then the bags are hauled away in gasoline-powered trucks to a landfill.
That was April 29, and Beachem was angry because Watts had left some plastic bags filled with trash sitting in the kitchen when he moved the night before.
Fanny had opened her bag, found the trillium, and tossed it into the water.
Inside his carry-on bag, Koch had concealed a 9-mm handgun that weighs only 23 oz.
Separated from the rest of the cleaning articles and trash bag, we SEE a bag full of Dianne's discards -- a long skirt, boots, scarf and poncho.
While it was going on, Indigo got bored and went back to his gold hunting, bashing a lump of coal so hard that pieces flew everywhere, and the baby got a chunk to suck, and the hamster jumped in fright into the health visitor's bag, and the health visitor said, " Thank goodness my twins...!
She could collect food for X, yes, lining her purse with that plastic bag she carried and slipping food into it at the table, but this meant that Peter would have to make still another trip out into the night when they returned to Urumchi.
If he thinks I 'm lookin ' at somebody the wrong way, I get used as a punching bag.
SKRAM pulls a lollipop out of the paperboy bag, removes the wrapper.
There were four points at which the deception might have been detected, but thanks to the duplicity of the Lady Editor and the muscle of the Mr. Editor, the paintings made it all the way, and the people who were bumped by the garment bags will never be the same again.
required to wear professional clothes every day, but at least one brings his clothes in a bag for fear of being beaten up on his way to class. "
Mr. Pancake however is an ardent foe of the federal reserve and is in fact one of those eccentrics about whom one occasionally reads, hoarding his entire life savings either under the proverbial mattress or, as in Mr. Pancake's case, in a Hefty bag that
If they're not -- if over months of fighting, as soldiers stream home in body bags, the will of the anti-Iraq alliance weakens, and support among American politicians dissolves into hand-wringing and recrimination -- then this whole exercise will add up only to a sterling example of something the world is not willing to do again.
A Bag Person enters, muttering to him/herself, ferocious-looking.)
I looked down at the seat, at my bag. "
On the porch steps, she pulled on her high-button shoes, then grabbed the heavy leather bag from behind the porch latticework, where she'd placed it the night before.
As she wrapped the tubes in a laboratory requisition form and tucked the little package into a plastic bag, Judy resolved to come back and give Beatrice's hair a full one hundred strokes of brushing.
Tor put his bag of laundry in the corner next to the door. "
Kellog removed his copy of The Seven Minutes from the striped bag.
This time it held five girls, several paper bags, three damp sacks, and a large wooden crate.
These silver dollars were large, thin fish, nearly identical in shape and shine to the coins after which they had been named, and once out of their plastic bag from Sal's, they swam up on either side of my one lazy, boggle-eyed iridescent shark.
We're gon na finally get this big bag of shit into the vehicle. "
Maeve nodded down at the small straw bag with the bone plaque on its lid, scratched with a picture of a whale.
at the last of the evening's Perseids and burrowed down into the twin sleeping bag they shared in the cold Sierra night and bit Josh gently on the shoulder. "
BERLIN TRAIN STATION MEN 'S ROOM -- NIGHT 251 Bag slung -- limping out -- BOURNE has changed clothes.
There she is, he sees now, in the downshore distance: a fetchingly bikini'd and sun-visored miss herself, stretched out on Senor Chacmool with the bag beside her and reading a book.
(Opens the bag, fumbling through its contents) Here!
Climbing out, she pulled a heavy-duty trash bag from the glove compartment and worked air into it.
But still, somehow, she felt hurt, and she shouldered her bag abruptly and left without saying goodbye.
Husband Philip, advertising promotion man for the Lima (Ohio) Citizen, was taking a nap when Barbara felt the bag of waters break.
A few other considerations: Although charcoal is easy and light to carry in a zipped plastic bag (you need four to six briquettes per meal), I found it impossible to set up the stove without smudging soot all over my hands and clothes.
After lifting weights, the last thing I needed was to lug a bag of road salt up from the basement to make my steps safe fir the world of journalism.
suffering the first class passengers as they stowed their mountains of carry-on luggage: their enormous garment bags, their meticulously picked out yet casual underseat bags, the overhead shopping bags from Bloomingdale's and F.A.O.
Pressing a folded bill on the man, COY LAHOOD steps down INTO VIEW, retrieves his bag.
It never failed to amaze Fei Lo how boxes and bags could be knocked down to a flat piece of hard paper with notches and
I'd gotten a fifty-pound bag of dog food at the flea market, too-that's the whole reason why I left my own driveway-when out of nowhere this bar popped up on the side of the road with only " J of N " painted across the threshold.
ON FINISHING my lunch, I wadded up the paper bag and thrust it into my backpack.
A few times, she had to stop, to rebalance her shopping bags.
Following the direction of my gaze, Donald said, " Murdock has always been afraid someone will steal that bag of bones.
He then withdrew a brown bag from his coat and set it down atop the magazines. "
MITCHELL REA, 7, EDEN PRAIRIE, MN " Don't worry if you lose your tooth at school, because you can take it home in a plastic bag and the Tooth Fairy will still come to your house. "
She knew what she had here: a plastic bag containing the three video tapes she'd rented that afternoon.
Several hundred dairies are now delivering milk in five, six-or ten-quart containers, consisting of a cardboard box shaped to fit easily into the refrigerator; inside is a plastic bag with a dispensing nozzle.
The truck stopped in every little village between, and passengers climbed off and unloaded boxes and bags, and passengers climbed on and loaded bags and boxes, and the driver was a ladies ' man who spoke to every woman he encountered in the small, thatched adobe villages where chickens pecked the barren earth before the squalid huts of adobe and thatch that lined the road.
I said ' Jesus Christ, man, ' and I was so strung out, so sick, so my wife walked me to the hallway and we stood there with my bags and my horn and my children and this ambulance came and I went downstairs and put my bags in the ambulance and two arms came out and helped me in.
When a man tried to grab my purse in a parking lot one Friday evening and Seaboy was with me, I clobbered him in the head with my shoulder bag.
Margo keeps her SUV stocked with packing supplies: boxes, blankets, tote bags, and newspapers for wrapping fragile items.
Why didn't you throw your own bag out, you bitch!
or to a battery-powered unit no bigger than a camera bag.
The rifle butt came to rest firmly on the floor, the barrel sticking up an inch or two above the counter's edge, and the two girls attending to customers suddenly looked nervous, even frightened, as they filled their customers ' bags and cartons.
They were designed exactly the same; bags with legs that started at the knees and arms that started at the elbows, ending in booties and four-fingered gloves.
With one swift movement he gathers up the icy sleeping bag, presses it close to him, and stands.
As if in testimony to the peacefulness and regularity of small-town life, a red van with the words la riviere herald on its side panels drifts slowly down Third Street, pausing at nearly all of the mailbox stands for its driver to insert copies of the day's newspaper, wrapped in a blue plastic bag, into gray metal cylinders bearing the same words.
She is carrying a small plastic bag full of lemon drops.
While outlining his objections to this project Brian sat down at his desk, uncovered his container of coffee, and upended his paper bag.
Roughly 98% of all bags reported lost are eventually returned to their owners, usually within 24 hours.
He turned the bag inside out and tied it off.
The Cat's out of the bag, so I hear. "
I preserve what I find in a small plastic bag I keep tied around my neck.
Guiliano shouldered the duffel bag despite Pisciotta's protest, and they walked through the monastery gate together.
After the party, Sarina grinned and swayed like a punching bag in the center of the kitchen.
ELLA enters from down right carrying a bag of groceries.
Frank's brother was dead, stretched out under a bag of money.
When he stood, she scooped up her book bag and went out with him.
May we not suppose that at the rehearsal he told the oboe to rest for a certain number of bars (indeed if the oboist tried to play the whole time as written he would probably burst); and occasionally told the violins to be silent and let the oboe be heard alone?
He thought that would be better than the bar at the Peabody.
He turned away from the window, climbed onto one of the stools at the breakfast bar.
subtler effluvium of expensive aftershave, together with a few bars of elevator music -- and a natty young man in a sixties vintage suit with narrow lapels and a slim funereal tie peered at him from behind black, very mod horn-rimmed glasses.
Well, I'll let you play for a few bars and accumulate a backlog.
help explain how pirates once used a treacherous narrows to prey on passing boats, or how pilots inched their boats and barges past sand bars and other dangers.
Seamus gripped the edge of the bar with knuckles that turned white.
Yes, sir,  said the orderly from behind the bar.
Hey, don't set the bar so high.	21:24	0:33	 Hey , do n't set the bar so high .
But he and his wife occasionally spend time alone over a plate of fresh, inventive sushi at Sakana Japanese Grill &; Sushi Bar. "
Ker-ner invited us to have a drink in the bar of The Colony's clubhouse; the bar is lined with the wood-panelled lockers of members -- people like Los Angeles Sheriff Peter Pitchess, Joe Pasternak, and Mrs. George Randolph Hearst, Sr. " Schmooze and booze make good Jews, " Kerner said. "
She's sitting at the bar with Mitch, tossing her hair and laughing and moving her long fingers up his biceps.
For years it had been a small bar, The Lilac Playroom, a rendezvous for passed-over whores, spent jockeys, and deathbound vagrants.
The funny thing is that both the bars and the arms are bolted to the doors and also to the walls and I can't figure out how they open.
Raising the bar Twenty years after Louisiana Tech's record, UConn appears poised to set a tough standard. "
He saw people up and down the bar beginning to grumble and shoot angry glances his way, and he thought suddenly, startlingly, How they must hate us!
If you enlarge the window, you may be able to see some of the folder's contents, but since the window lacks scroll bars, you won't get very far.
Murchison sat alone, signing the bill, and the street door of the bar was just then closing, perhaps even with Bernard's departure.
Near the bar was a small platform; it was the bandstand.
Between 1913 and 1931, for instance, well-meaning but misguided caretakers embedded iron bars in some of the fragile ruins; the bars have rusted, and the oxidation has caused expansion and cracked the surrounding marble.
MARY JANE HANRAHAN When you're acquitted, Angel, when we're sitting in a bar together drinking beer and eating chicken wings, then make conversation!
They may be made of % - inch or 1/2 - inch rod or bar from 12- to 18-inches long, depending on use and need.
NUTRITIONAL LOWDOWN 180-190 cal, 10 g pro, 27-28 g carb, 3-5 g fat, 1.5-2.5 g sat fat, 0 mg chol, 1-2 g fiber, 140-170 mg sodium FLAVORS Berry Banana Buzz, Peanut Butter n ' Honey, Rocket Chocolate, Apple Cinnamon with Cranberries PRICE PER BAR AND WHERE TO BUY $1.69, EMS stores and www.honeystinger.com PRODUCT CLIF Nectar DESCRIPTION Each bar contains up to five organic ingredients and two servings of fruit.
Bars and restaurants cloned from Washington establishments do brisk summer trade.
Rather than insisting on a packed lunch, find out what he and his friends like to do, and work with that: He might like to buy a cheeseburger and a milk in the cafeteria, and bring a granola bar and an apple from home.
The people in the bar, including Charlie, dash behind tables and jump behind the bar for cover.
The place is San Francisco's hipster dive bar and guest house, Zeitgeist.
he uncupped his nose and slid down off his stool and made his way along the bar toward the girl.
Mr. Benson tipped his glass to our reflections in the long bar mirror before he turned to the pool table-It ain't the drank.
To make a trammel, this bar is drawn out on the end to a 1/4 - inch- square tang 3- or 4-inches long.
MATT MICKELSON Was he in the bar Tuesday night?
We were luckier with the staying power of our craving for things like pretzels, potato chips, jelly doughnuts, and chocolate bars.
From her high vantage at the corner of the bar, the schoolteacherish girl studied with downcast eyes the dancing feet.
THERMAL BARS Summer anglers have to follow nomadic rainbows offshore to where walls of cold and warmer water collide.
One evening, at a beachside bar in Florida, she watched the sunset and prayed, " If I am supposed to go to Shreveport, show me this is the right thing to do. "
I feel that the Cafe Fanny, like another old favorite of mine, the Oyster Bar, is a big boost for the renaissance of the Grand Central Terminal Complex.
handbag on the bar and folded her gloves neatly on top. "
At seven Fred went to the Quiet Bar and looked around.
Just you ride out to the Bar T an ' make sure that other cowboy stays put an ' don't expose himself, hear?
Champagne, hors d'oeuvres, a five-course dinner, open bar, live entertainment (Michael Lerich &; His Orchestra) and dancing, champagne and balloon drop are on tap.
Since the soldiers were the only clean-cut men in the bar, it was easy to identify them although none were in uniform.
Bar owners, he says, sometimes bribe police officers, who release them and deport the women who spoke against them.
The band stopped playing, the dancers dispersed, lights were dimmed in the salon and on deck; sailors came out with their buckets and brushes; the man at the bar was obviously closing up for the night.
Hear him first at the Oxford Union bar: " Worse than the Visigoths, worse than the Tartars.
We believe it sufficient to state that those acts, whether performed in court or in the law office, which lawyers have customarily carried on from day to day through the centuries must constitute the ' practice of law, ' " stated the Arizona Supreme Court in State Bar of Arizona v. Arizona Land Title and Trust Co. (1961).
The house was like a fortress, illuminated by floodlights, its ground-floor windows protected by thin curved iron bars.
United States District Court for the District of Columbia entered the Consent Decree proposed by the American Bar Association and the U.S. Department of Justice as the Final Judgment in the litigation between those parties.
BAR AREA Tony pushes him out the door and into the bar area.
I shouted across the quiet bar to ask Bob and Rod if they knew any Charlie Rich songs.
By voting Sept. 5 to help boat people and bar even indirect aid to Vietnam, Cambodia and Laos, we are only perpetuating the tragedy.
There they would remain, drinking faster and faster, talking louder and louder, until either their control towers closed for the night or the silent, patient waiters removed the portable bar from the corner of the room.
Anyway Salt and Dogface told him they suspected the big man that came aboard on the bar, that he was the one the reward was for, but Captain Ts'ui says, He came aboard as a free man, I can't touch him. '
Usually the bell is mounted on a movable bar with an elbow that pivots in an overhead bar.
While the arrivals from New York went upstairs to clean up and change into fresh clothes, Portel and Cox went for a quick " noggin " in the bar with Warren and Selby; then, their charges safely delivered, the two British officers departed.
Morgan excused himself and drifted to the bar to refill his champagne glass, and allowed himself to be drawn into the perimeter of Anne's group. "
Bandicut continued to bob his head for a moment, then took a swallow of beer and turned back to the bar, moving his left foot carefully.
From an emotional standpoint, he would rather have been in the men's room down at Jack's Bar on the Bowery, eating a piece of urine-soaked bread while thrusting his hump against someone from the Vice Squad.
As of the early to mid-1980s, for example, American robbers were likely to serve about forty-five months behind bars, versus twenty-seven in England and twenty-four in Australia.
One scary thing happened in Oakland this week when a foul tip smashed the bar on umpire Larry Barnett ' s face mask, sending him to the hospital.
He opened Momofuku Noodle Bar and then Momofuku Ssm Bar in New York, tiny joints that reimagine ramen noodles and other Asian delicacies for the twenty-first century. "
I said, " Hotdamn that's a good flea market y'all got yourselves down the road, " because from the looks on the six or eight guys in the bar I knew that they sold their wares there between the pine trees of the jockey lot.
Tea and cakes waiting -- as well as a self-service bar. "
Most states now issue driver's licenses that include a credit card-like bar code on the back that can be linked to a DMV database. "
Looking across the water, above the levee, toward the little town, Jolie-Gray can not see the pink light of the neon-script sign on Dubois Aucoin's bar, though it is early enough that the neon is still lit.
From the bar, Beer Guy, Tuffy, and Adulterer release the first peanut barrel.
The American Bar Association has recently completed a comprehensive recodification of the Standards for Approval of Law Schools and Interpretations.
started back to the bar and she said, " P. S. Wilkinson? "
stool at the bar, bells on the pinball machines fell silent for the first time in hours.
The bar was very dark and cool, and my parents would have Tom Collinses while I drank ginger ale.
Baby, George Nakashima designed this bar area, " JD quietly corrects me.
On a dare, they'd drunk whiskey Janis had pilfered from behind the bar at her father's steakhouse as they'd sat on Alphonse Capone's grave in Holy Innocents Cemetery.
There is a window with bars on it to keep BIRDY from escaping.
You're washing your hands before you're getting anything from the snack bar! "
Dissolve to: 110 Interior: Stonemount Bar, Night Vincent sits alone at a table.
Ned is joined at the bar by a young, sexy-looking blonde in a tight sailor suit.
The one who gave you his college ring five minutes after you met him at that bar in Fort Lauderdale? "
The men at the bar are in their late 30s, 40s, 50s.
He joined me at the bar as casually as though this date had
This silent Sunday morning, she folded her apron and put it on the pass-out bar, then went to the staff room, changed from her chef's whites and clogs into jeans and a long-sleeved shirt tie-dyed in soft pink and orange, with tiny dancing skeletons on it.
She gave out Three Musketeers bars at our class Halloween party.
Wilner looked to where his wife was standing at the bar.
How dreary, " Marcia would say, " these horsey people are, " and as she and Janet became intimate they coined a term, the " big H, " to signify all those people, hopefully put behind them and yet so persistently attentive, who did all the right things, a skein of acquaintance and cousinship that extended from Quogue to Bar Harbor.
His plan was to build a cage for underwater filming, and he wanted to know how big the bars should be so that he could swim out of the cage but a walrus ' head-smashing tusks could be kept out.
, though, so serious that as soon as I'd hear the few bars of guitar that preceded it, the excitement would sweep over me -- a soft dark velvet wave in my brain rolling over everything else that had ever been there. "
Riders from other outfits commenced straggling in, some from a hundred miles away, until the Bar Y Ranch commenced to
The list shall be published annually in the ABA Approved Law Schools: Statistical Information on American Bar Association Approved Law Schools, Review of Legal education, a publication which is published by the Section and single copies of which are distributed by the Consultant upon request, without charge.
Morgan found a dark corner of the bar and flicked through old magazines for a while.
But she hadn't seen the shadow man since the night she brought the stranger home from the bar.
The future was here, thought | The Nightman as his eyes, lidded and heavy, moved past the closed door of the poolroom toilet and settled on the iron bars covering the back window. "
You sit in the bar all ready to tell your best stories and you forget half of them.
C'm on, c'm on,  said Frank, an impatient constructionman who placed his clenched fists like loaded weaponson top of the bar. "
had been a tall, proud man named Alfroid; I remembered him with some affection, since he could tie loose knots in iron bars, and had drunk me under the table one evening -- no, an evening and a morning and part of an afternoon.
He'd lined up the bottles on the bar in front of him, green pickets.
And until today, the bar association had not suggested which option
I was tipped off two days ago that I passed the bar.
In 1984, three years after dropping out of Indiana Bible College, where she earned her high school equivalency diploma, she married a truck driver she had met in a bar.
// However, even given the fact that I was not prohibited by Rule 3.6, or by the presumption of innocence, I would normally have felt it unseemly and in poor taste for me, a member of the bar, or for any public official to speak out on an accused's guilt before the verdict, and this was the very first time I ever did so.
A guy will come up to me in a bar or somewhere and say. '
In places, the cobbles gave way to slate stairs, and at the far end, down toward Fountain Street, the neighborhood was crowded with bars. "
Grab the bar with an overhand grip and hold it at
Always a chance, my lad, in the darkness, while fireworks and colored fountains play for the Queen's pleasure, to slip away with some fine country lass and teach her the oldest of Court dances, to clothe her in green clover and show her a wondrous rocket of my own. "
No one could believe that a slip of a lass like me could force a beachmaster of erudition such as yourself, a man with a history of violence, to do anything.
Good thing for me they don't know exactly what I 'm suggesting might be done with those wee lasses
Then I must surely be absent more oft, " he said, " if I be missed by such a bonny lass as yerself. "
She looked more like a beardless lad in a kirtle than a lass overripe for marriage.
and that all contexts are unique; that differences of tone, dialect and so on inevitably cause differences of meaning (lass would occur in a different dialect situation, etc.)
I would far rather she remain a common lass than be raised to the nobility and be miserable all her life!
But, lass, a touch of essence here or there will make a strong, grand man from a shy, bashful sort. "
s h o must seek election in November Under Califoi nia lass, a justice's name appears on the ballot with the question as to whether or not he shalt be retained in office He has no opponent, but if the vote is negative, the gosernor appoints a successor.
DICKON SHE 'S A LASS AND THA ART ' RIGHT, AS NEEDS A SPOT WHERE SHE CAN REST IN.
was a disaster at Nancy, and the richest prince in the West is a corpse, with an unmarried lass as his heiress.
He wondered if Gideon was experiencing a similar response to the lass, and just as soon as he could find the discipline to stop gawking at her, he'd look at his commander. "
a lass or group of pupils and their teacher function as a " community of enquiry " (Prentice, 1991)
The five choices (all $8) include one infused with lychee, another mixed with mango lassi and still another served up with a lemon wedge.
You were a bold lass,  Gideon commented. "
A suburban husband (Walter Matthau) decides that the grass is greener and the lass keener in the other fellow's backyard.
, hand-sized rock into his truck's rear window, taking out the remaining safety lass and the bullet hole in one dean swipe.
Hastily he put 50,000 on a quinella of Pilot Fish and Butterscotch Lass and fled back to the members ' room, gratefully to sip his brandy and soda.
For many a dashing lass in that pioneering wave, the A-line mini was a kind of manifesto at the feminist barricades.
I fear I dunna drink tea, lass. "
She took a swig of the lassi, finding it cool and tingly, feeling instantly better.
What would a wee dirty lass like you have told a marriage coun-selor? '
Now you have it, lass,  he agreed gruffly. "
Tell me, lass, did ye find him bonnie? "
But dalliance with a lovely lass Far surpasses these.
Lass was a tough-love disciplinarian during his tenure at the high school from 1955 to 1971, but devoted long hours to counseling and preparing students for college.
Just a simple fisher lass heading home, nothing more.
If you want to leave the lass here, though, I'll look after her myself, and... " " You misunderstand me, " Fiona said in a harsh voice.
A plump, lively lass: Mirina was her name.
Fit as a pippin she be, an ' that's all to the good, fer what awaits the lass. "
Not now, " said she, " the Lass hath been thro ' enough Hardshipthese past Days. "
house, a bag of tea, and one precious quadroon lass.
Not any lass his stoop-shouldered da cared to parade before him.
Duncan turned his eyes away, but the lass seized his hands and pressed them to her lips.
Lass retired in 1971 after 16 years as the school's principal.
Shame on ye, lass, " Rue muttered, but when her gaze met Megan's, there was
While I was just an impressionable little lass I'd rise to the bait of any little flattery flung me way.
SHEENA EASTON, Do You (EMI): Once a demure Scottish lass, Sheena Easton made her commercial mark last year singing about her privates.
You are free with oaths, lass.
He tried to get up, weaved, and sat back down " You're a sharp-tongued lass. "
And Ill have you know, lass, on a good night I can still give you the shagging of your life. "
When it was over, Ryan shook Guynemeyer's thin white hand, and returned the wipe to Wendy, saying " Lass, I never claimed to be the best. "
head of the New York Legal Aid office in the criminal courts, who has been defending indigents since he left Fordham University lass School in 1937. remembei s ease where a defendant misted nn SI anding trial (lest overwhelm ing case against him.
After a moment's silence he said, " Lass, he can not be buried in consecrated ground.
The young Indian lass meanwhile loves him openly, freely, with a love as pure and as wholesomely naive as this land of her birth is free of the evils of the civilized world from which he's come, as evidenced by his telltale pallor and embarrassing ignorance of wigwam etiquette.
I wouldn't have minded going home to have my da tell me he'd procured a fine and comely lass to be my bride. "
@@12424 Rod Garcia introduced us to the fantasy world of Markovy back in the August 2000 issue, and in the past years he has spun out half a dozen tales of brave knights, invisible lasses, death-dealing goddesses, and unusual romances.
was a wee lass only a few years out of the cradle then, but her brother Sir James was twenty-two and already the laird, and her brother Malcolm was almost twenty. "
the Editor: In a recent Op-Ed article, Abraham Lass, a retired high-school principal, recalled with fondness the school system he knew, a system that he says " rewarded me and my colleagues for what we knew,.
It's grand to see you, my lass, grand. "
Just before the Conroys leave, one guest sings a song called " The Lass of Aughrim.
laurie lantar lassi surinen yeni unotime ve ramar aldaron!
Poor lass,  he said, " she has nothing else since our second died.
But that's the very thing we have going for us, lass.
The society along the river is class-conscious, but the: lasses can not help knowing each other and entering into each other's lives.
If ever there was one who could turn a lass's head, he was one. "
He'd won every archery competition, each trial of strength, and turned the heads of all the lasses with his easy charm and fine, quick wit.
Even as a lass she'd never let folk get the better of her.
But the poor brave lass stays on, with Christ knows how many struggles, in hopes of preserving some representationfor Kindred, Followers, and loyal Travers.
Ye are the most stubborn lass I ever met. "
He recalled more than one occasion when the two of them had taken one lusty lass into the bed furs betwixt them.
There, a lass in Tahitian garb was to purchase the first double ticket with chances at
Aye, lass, that they are, by your definition.
The waiter popped back up with their pitcher of apricot lassi.
Just now it is nightfall, and a pretty, innocently mischievous girl (Barbara Lass) has arrived at the city's School of Geodetics, ready to enroll.
So confident she suspected there was something in the lassi.
How did you -- " " I 'm no fool, lass.
All Bell said was, " We'll start with sliver-leaf salad, carrot and cashew soup, and a pitcher of apricot lassi. "
It has been ' estimated that about 3.8 Million these workers now earn lass
p. 34 SLIP We'll find something we can spare (To Hesp) Beautiful lass.
When he noted the day's sunshine, his strictures had ended, but no sooner did he clap eyes on Sorcha and Sidony than he sighed and said, " I hope ye mean to be a good wife to Ardelve, lass. "
' If Mr. (Samuel) Clemens (Mark Twain) can not think of something better to tell our pure-minded lads and lasses, he ' d best stop writing for them, ' ' wrote Alcott.
Lolita is bobbing at a walking pace immediately behind the leader, a lanky ranger who keeps turning to her and kidding the cocky lass.
Particular portions of the film, such as dissecting frogs in biology class, mock marriages in a sex education e lass, a beer party, and the election of homecoming queen, produced raucous laughter.
In three years she played about 40 parts, everything from the Salvation Army lass in the Brecht-Weill musical " Happy End " to a young lover in " A Midsummer Night's Dream " to a decayed ancient in " The Idiots Karamazov, " a madcap burlesque by two bright and brash young playwrights, Albert Innaurato and Christopher Durang.
I'll no allow any other lass to be forced to face marriage to
of D'Ampton Manor feels free to daily with the lasses on Mercy Farm and to tease the Scots commoner visiting his fief.
Lasses started out as a jockey in Darlington, South Carolina in 1915, getting " five for ridin ', five for winnin '. "
The museum's two membership groups -- the Pacific Northwest Arts Council and the Contemporary Art Council -- had worked together with Pilchuck lass School executive director Marge Levy to organize the event, taking advantage of the presence in Seattle of the prestigious audience expected for Pilchuck's 25th-anniversary picnic the prior afternoon, as well as the distinguished artists, critics and art historians who occupied the stage.
Didn't you know how to swim, lass?
Fiona, lass, " Father MacCanney said in an exasperated voice, " he's not fit to be a groom! "
I am a lass,  said young Stewart. "
It was a song kin and child of many songs: A mother's voice rejoicing over a blessed cradle; a husbandman's rough cheer over a day's work done and well done; a virgin lass weaving dreams of love into the melody that springs unbidden to her lips
And some Abbotts, my lass, get strokes of good fortune.
I was trying to keep from being a wee dirty lass.
If the young laird fired that pistol, " Angus said, " he meant not to hit you, but only to frighten, else you would be dead now, lass.
In another life, he would have laughed aloud at the absurdity of the thin-shouldered seneschal even mentioning such things as manly needs and bare-bottomed lasses.
You are a good lass to turn the thought so merrily but Iwould that you were true-born.	17:21	0:88	 You are a good lass to turn the thought so merrily but Iwould that you were true-born .
U S Steel establishes an " energy lass force " to make recommendations on the most effective long-range power and fuel requirements of the company.
That young lass will make an excellent housewife one day! "
It was warm in the greenhouse, and his companion, Annie, a buxom country lass, had prevailed upon the good constable to bring a picnic hamper. "
But how did you get out of Bortis's trap, or cross that killing circle up there, or -- " " Just a minute, lass
And a dandy, and a Scots gent, no less, will be most welcome by the lasses.
Is this the lass I used to bounce on my knee?
At least such is the case of a tall Welsh lass named Gwyneth Jones.
We could make our fortunep120with one of these, lass -- if we could get it out of here.
He considered himself one of the poor, but even the boy knew that this young man's parents had paid his education at the law -- whereas the rest, lad and lass alike, were in the mill or at the works or on the docks at twelve or fourteen.
Ah, lass, you should have gotten me up sooner.
The woman, who had helped bring over three score wee bairns into the world, had instantly proclaimed Braden a bane to any lass foolish enough to give her heart over to one such as he.
and then hurrying out to the stables to see Angus, who still called me " lass, " and then to the kitchen to greet | Jenny, who now called me " milady. "
What's more, sales of poetry on records are tuned to unprecedented volume.
SEPTEMBER 2005 A Northwest Airlines DC-9 jet was starting final approach for a landing, and the wing flaps retracted on their own, according to federal records, causing a potential for a crash landing.
Despite the country's grim mood, the record 87% of the voters who turned out made decisions on broader issues; they gave Den Uyl's party 53 seats in the new 150-member parliament, a gain of ten; the Socialists will now probably seek to form a coalition government with the Christian Democrats.
A 27-year-old conscientious objector, wearing a tattered fishnet shirt with the letters GBTC stenciled across the front in magic marker, won the Boston Marathon in an American record time of 2 hours, 9 minutes and 55 seconds.
// Southern Cal's Marcus Allen broke another of Dorsett's NCAA records by increasing his season rushing yardage to 1,968 in a 21-3 victory over Cal.
Mr Gould Mr Forrest added, " It probably wouldn't be of much use The money would have gone to Switzerland or something like that " Whether the nearly half-million-dollar payment was indeed sent on to a banker in Switzerland who laundered it in some way before it reached Italian government officials or whether it was a completely legitimate operation is a matter the audit committee apparently found no'need to clarify This omission is particularly tantalizing because there reportedly is nothing in Avis's records to indicate a prior letter of agreement for the payment For his part, Mr. Gould, who helped set up Arbourage, said no one had made any inquiries about it, and he added he had never even heard of the audit committee study that was turned over to the SEC Meanwhile, at Avis, much more attention seems to be directed at illicit payments that possibly can
In less than four years his independent film company, Morgan Creek Productions, has produced a sizzling track record
Those records belonged over here and what we were doing was getting back.
President Carter, who listens to classical records all day long, appeared to be enthralled.
She and I were concerned about the protection of her confidentiality both with regard to her taking medication and to the creation of a record anywhere that she had been treated by a psychiatrist, " Bourne said.
Let the record show, " Judge Rives said, " that the court has called for evidence from the defense in open court and none is offered. "
But perhaps the most interesting experiment anywhere is The Union Record (Seattle), the labor daily which, on the President's arrival in that city, dared, to the horror of the correspondents accompanying him,
There had been no mention in his records of these fantasies.... " The pirates? "
Within the legal profession in particular, Warren's record on civil rights gave him tremendous
Last week a record crowd of 81,036 came to find out, as the big (16.1 hands) copper colt went to the post in the $125,000 Belmont Stakes, the final jewel in the Triple Crown.
// SAILING -- PHILIPPE JEANTOT, in his 60-foot sloop, Credit Agricole III, cut nearly 25 days off his own four-year-old BOC Challenge solo circumnavigation world record, covering the 27,000 miles in 134 days, 5 hours, 24 minutes and 56 seconds to win Class I. MIKE PLANT, in a 50-foot sloop, won Class II in 157 days (page 74).
Any record on any police blotter anywhere, particularly with reference to smoking pot. "
East Germany ' s Heike Drechsler owns the indoor record of 24-2 1/2, set Saturday in Vienna.
As part of the review process, all available medical information was obtained, and this included study and hospital records.
I've never followed the research checklist given me by my genealogist friend: I haven't located the family Bible yet; there are letters left unread; I've only done a few interviews; I've never visited the county courthouse and sorted through birth certificates, marriage records, wills, estates, deeds, mortgages; I've tracked down only a few cemetery logs, county histories, tax lists, newspaper articles, voter rolls; I've spent one weekend in the state archives looking for the land grants, census, and militia records, but I haven't been back.
In addition to its staff of 36 lobbyists, Lockheed paid 41 contract lobbyists last year, records show, including former Indiana GOP senator Dan Coats, former Air Force general John Conaway and former FAA administrator Linda Daschle.
School system records are in such bad shape that these figures have not been forthcoming despite days of work by skilled outside auditors.
// During those years, state court records show, Mr. Cody was mainly in reform school or state prison.
I'll go on record saying I 'm gon na sell more than both of them put together at the end of the day.
(For the record, reversing letters is not an indicator of a learning disability in preschoolers.
Credit came easily: recognizing the company's record of success, banks extended Kroh Development $39 million in unsecured loans.
There was nothing in it but penciled and highly abbreviated records of %i.its to libraries; quotations from hooks with titles like " History of Angelina and ' vier Counties " and " Kirk Family History. "
leaving behind a large basin and the most noteworthy record of freshwater fossil fish ever found in the United States.
, train or subway stations, shopping centers, schools, record shops, music stores, and other places frequented by the market you're trying to reach.
5 points per game and has an outside shot at the AMCU single-season record held by current Golden State guard Winston Garland.
A riffle through the army's records discovers seven competent but crooked officers and other ranks (Nigel Patrick,
A southpaw, Spinks ran his record to 31-2 with 10 knockouts.
They stood up to the feds (by fighting a subpoena seeking search records to explore whether there is a need for new Internet child pornography laws) and it's " Yea! "
At a 1988 conference in Tehran, Hamid Algar of the University of California at Berkeley praised Iran's " proud record of resistance to aggression. "
It does not detract from the record of McGovern, McCarthy and the others to say that Gruening and Morse were the first and most forceful and effective critics of the war.
It's not a very good time to be in a band and on a record label right now, anyway.
did not prevent me from building a new yacht and improving the * * 26; 5180; TOOLONG world speed record which I had held since 1967. "
Many, like Mr. Morales, were incarcerated on their own admission, since the United States has no access to Cuba ' s criminal records.
The program works like this: first a letter is sent to the family announcing that the Cedar Park Memorial Counselor and Director of Family Counseling Service will call upon them shortly " to secure the information necessary for the Historical Record and present you with a photographic record of the services at Cedar Memorial. "
Sam Brown, who killed the two policemen in Nyack, had an arrest record going back to 1958.
For the record, your information is inaccurate on Governor Rockefeller's visit on Sept. 21.
For the record, my sister would not be caught dead in a Ross, or any other store with the slogan " dress for less. "
Some Midwood residents assert that it took the police more than 30 minutes to arrive, but the police say their records indicate the response time was half that.
When the cops found Kessler's name in those records listed beside such colossal daily bets, they decided to look a little further.
He located the Hajimi house through police records at the Russian Compound, where Hassan Hajimi was imprisoned.
It is also a record of survival and a tentative kind of triumph.
New England's seven pathetic yards is a Super Bowl record.
But communications and records officer William Belk of West Columbia, S.C., said he " didn't want hate to end this. "
The importance of the testimony and records smuggled out of China by Dr. Zhang last year is that they document the unnatural deaths of more than 1,000
I was making records, but they weren't getting played because there was no place to play them. "
That clocking was 18.6 seconds behind the late Steve Prefontaine's American record, but the Oregon crowd gave Shorter the longest applause of the meet, probably because Shorter attacked the race the way Prefontaine used to, driving hard all the way.
Ms. Czajwolski said they would come out to her house before the final determination, but unless Martha had some sort of serious problems, like a criminal record, things should go smoothly. "
, according to court and school records, Peewee had been arrested for having taken a loaded revolver to school.
Constance starts to drink, stops, puts the needle on the record again, sits.
The merchandise trade deficit, which fell below record levels in May and June, means foreign firms are selling more goods here than U.S. exporters sell abroad,
Dowd, a onetime FBI agent and St. Louis police board president, has so far found little to campaign on except his law-and-order record.
So did Sire Records, which signed her in 1983 at Kamin's urging.
The basic reason is that the record build-up of forces has passed and defense establishment strengths are expected to remain about the same.
It concluded that Federal's past growth record and its projected growth were proper justification for it to go through the normal certification process.
While holding to the suppression of the record at this time, Levin said that all hearings on the case will be held in open court.
, and began catering to them at the shows and on records.
He said he could easily envision a " relatively normal correction " this year in a market that has reached record prices.
Denver's new darlings Nuggets Broncos Season Attendance record record 1997-98 11,800 11-71 16-4 1998-99 11,879 14-36 17-2 1999-2000 15,231 17-16 6-10
That also means the guarantee of anonymity in open court, with such data sealed in court records rather than handed over to the defendant who may be bent on vengeance.
The record labels ' new services include MusicNet, backed by AOL Time Warner, BMG, and EMI; and PressPlay backed by Sony Music and Vivendi Universal.
Mr. Caristo asserted that the charges had damaged his personal and business reputations and that he had become a target because the commission wanted " for political purposes " to " impugn " the city's school building record.
Johnson " is sorely missed, " that numbers don't fully explain his value to a team with the third-worst record (37-54) in baseball. "
We almost had to arm Wrestle with the Secret Service, later on because the records ' were gone.	77:84	0:97	 We almost had to arm Wrestle with the Secret Service , later on because the records ' were gone .
50 a square foot, erected in record time for the government of Cyprus to serve refugees from the 1974 Turkish invasion.
City records indicate that a four-unit complex was built there last year and that Pada, who approved only minor work on the site, did nothing when he saw alleged illegal construction.
The PARC has a pretty good track record when it comes to radical new visions, even if its record of holding onto them has been spotty at best.
of commercial exploitation such as bootleg films, records, or unauthorized copies of books, were specifically excluded from the Visual Artist Rights Act.
he had no embarrassing record of achievement one way or the oilier.
to operate, primarily views X-ray sources, a camera aboard the craft has surveyed the sky in the extreme ultraviolet and identified a record 385 bright sources in this wavelength band (see sidebar).
The stewardess recovered and told her story, which, in her own writing, will be added to this record.
My record of Mrs. Johns's remark was ruled out; Turner was not on trial.
The Motivational Test Third, the Court must determine whether the legislative record evinces a congressional intent to punish.
creates a heavy swing that is one of the record's strong points.
mask and runs his operation like a Cecil B. DeMille production, upped his own record to 526.28 mph, wrecking his racer but becoming the first person ever to be timed over 500 in a wheeled vehicle on land.
// As the baseball season progressed, Gooden produced a 15-7 record.
Columbus (Ohio) Quest Head coach: Brian Agler (31-9) Record last season: 31-9 Returning players: 6 Returning starters: 4 Probable starters F: Andrea Lloyd, 6-2 (Texas ' 87) F: Katie Smith, 5-11 (Ohio State ' 96) C: Valerie Still, 6-1 (Kentucky ' 83) G: Shannon Johnson, 5-8 (S. Carolina ' 96) G: Tonya Edwards, 5-10 (Tennessee ' 96) Players to watch: Smith and Edwards are returning all-stars, and Still was the championship series MVP.
But the pressures of trying to govern -- Carter will be judged on his record and is eager to show that he can get things dune -- and also cam -- paign impinge on the White House. "
The children had stayed up late; popcorn had been popped, toddies poured, old record albums resurrected and played on the ancient player, Sam Hinton, Buffy Sainte-Marie, Glenn Miller. "
Little Miss Zoe, " she started in on me as she looked over my school records, " have a seat over there by the window and pay attention.
His rotation's 4.32 ERA was nearly a full run better than the franchise record (5.19, in 1995), and the quartet of Jason Jennings, Aaron Cook, Jeff Francis and Josh Fogg had yet to miss a start.
When the veteran rapper and actor LL Cool J's last Def Jam record tanked, he cut loose backstage at the MTV awards: " I think Jay-Z does a very good job, " he reportedly said. "
// The ease with which Johnson scored was symbolic of his transition to the NFL from East Carolina, where he set or tied 18 school records.
We can only hope that despite the drought and despite the three-way race, and despite the uninspiring Janata record, the people in the countryside and.
It ranges over a wide variety of likes and dislikes proper to a sensitive personality in love with Victorianism, fascinated by people and keenly nostalgic for the private and public pasta Summoned by Bells (1960), his autobiographical poem, is a lively record of his early days.
Johnson has set a team record with six straight 100-yard rushing performances, running for 143 yards and three touchdowns in Sunday's 31-28 loss at Dallas.
@@330769 It is considered the birthplace of rock ' n ' roll, but in the past two decades the Sun Records studio in Memphis has seemed to be in its twilight.
Knight-Ridder newspapers picked up seven of the 15 newspaper awards, a record for a single chain.
Woo, who has no criminal record, is to have a bail hearing today.
As Finance Ministry officials went over the bank records, they discovered a second account, containing nearly $6,000.
@@1875 The Hidden Diary of Marie Antoinette A Novel By Erickson, Carolly St. Martin's Griffin Erickson, Carolly June 17, 1769 My name is Archduchess Maria Antonia, called Antoinette, and I am thirteen years and seven months old, and this is the record of my life.
Why don't you ask him if he'll agree to a stipulation, if we do, that the Cape boy's testimony be made a part of the court record and that we spare the boy -- and ourselves -- another repetitionof that bloody story?
Egyptians have kept records of the height of the Nile for millennia.
As the incumbent Mayor, he must run on his record but he would do well to listen to those modern-minded Democrats who have sound advice to offer in respect to improving existing policies and programs.
The record of the electric power industry, in abstaining from breaking such negative, prohibiting rules
I hope you can help straighten out the records with Mann) Bent-a -- Car, A Mend and 1 took a vacation last June to Florida.
Stroking its great fierce head, he lifted the heavy antennae, still moist and curled, and let the creature taste the flavor of his skin until it was entirely under his command.
The attendants stroked and washed her hair with brewed nettles and poppy petals.
You must stroke an animal as lightly as you'd stroke a hummingbird.
, than the voices advised her, those voices at last returned like water in the desert, like manna in the mouth, honey in the horn of self, warm hands to hold hers in the terror and the cold, cold as the body on the stones of Gethsemane, the waters running out, the casting of lots, the dark and the noise of the soldiers: that pain is for all its magnitude a kindly figure as it strokes and strokes her body with iron claws, claws as clear as water, bright and hopeful claws to claim her and make her their own: just she and the shape of God itself, hammered to the stones and flying wood. "
Fighting to keep her breath even, she stroked the colt's neck. "
Joel grabbed at her as she was about to pull on her jeans, pulled her back on the bed, and stroked her arm. "
He stroked Yves ' forehead, stroked his hair. "
You must stroke an animal as lightly as you'd stroke a hummingbird.
Everywhere there was Representative Tom DeLay, House Republican whip, chief money pumper and master of the revels, who spent the week stroking donors in a series of private vintage railway cars, which just happened to be the defining perk of the robber barons of the last Gilded Age.
If I had thought ahead properly - " " You mustn't blame yourself, " said Chang, stroking the robot's lighted back. "
The woman stroked the dog's fur, digesting the information. "
Gently stroke thc lobe, maybe do a little soft blowing, " recommends Arava.
Handsome Uncle Nestor examined his mustache in the rearview mirror, stroking with his forefinger the black lushness of hair on his lip, and navigated the automobile with the barest touch of the steering wheel with his left hand.
Caressed her lips, stroked her mouth with his tongue until he heard her breath quicken.
Years ago, in secret, she used to stroke her own full breasts in her silk nursing nightgown.
He became tender, kissing the soft skin on the nape of her neck, sniffing its fluffy hair, tasting the salty sweat, his fingers lightly stroking her temples.
When the water pig made her dawn and dusk appearances at camp, she'd almost purr // when getting stroked by men, but when women tried petting her, she kept inching away.
He strokes the astonished Adler's hair affectionately and then drinks the director's coffee.
She lets herself think about starting to stroke his stomach, right around his belly button, where there is a soft tuft of hair.
It's not a trick,  she said, absentmindedly stroking his thighs, while he pointed his index finger and pretended to write with it across her breasts and then down across her abdomen. "
poncho and gauzy skirt and cut away her leotard and underthings and raped her, which given the kind of surreal clarity of sensuous discernment she was experiencing in her state of total focus imagine what this must have felt like for her, being raped in the gravel by a weeping psychotic whose knife's butt jabs you on every thrust, and the sound of bees and meadow-birds and the distant whisper of the interstate and his machete clanking dully in the stone on every thrust, she claiming it took no effort of will to hold him as he wept and gibbered as he raped her and stroking the back of his head and whispering small little consolatory syllables in a soothing maternal singsong.
Wipe off the oil and stroke a finger towards the edge on the other side.
Even remembering the excavations and the swarmed signs of contractors, even forcibly recalling the scores of families who were inside it going through their daily paces like tidy, trotting simulacra of each other, it was hard to believe that the whole organism had not been stroked from a lamp.
She stroked him, without looking at him, she was looking out to sea, and then from time to time at the man.
There was something almost sorrowful about the way he caressed her, big and angular though she was, the storm raging within them, stroking her head like that of a child who doesn't yet know that he's in for a major operation. "
He felt her fingers stroking him gently, reawakening the fires inside him.
We will simply have to take him along, " Cleophas decreed, stroking the now blissfully sleeping head. "
Her hands then flew to her own breasts and she stroked them up and down, her face pained and thoughtful.
from a pan, while Justine crouched beside them and stroked their tufted spines.
I think ofthat, as I stroke the side of her face, near the temple, where I'd have to put the bullet.
his wits, he suddenly produced his knife with which, turning the point upon himself, he made three short strokes upon the left side of his face and one long stroke along.
He reached over and drew her onto his lap, one hand stroking her hip under her running shorts. "
LOVELY MUSIC BEGINS WEAKLY, SHE STROKES HIS FACE IN RESPONSE.
Her sturdy baby blue chassis, the way her motor purred when my fingers stroked her, the steady rhythm of her
Now she strokes red, yellow, and brown pigments into a thick smear of white lead paint on her palette until it turns a pale flesh color.
As if she had conjured it, Cam reached for her wrist and began to stroke it with his thumb.
I took her hand and began to stroke it, and Irish began doing the same on the boy's soaked and shivering shoulder. "
Gladys stared at Elisha in his death chair, put her hand on his forehead, and stroked the hair off his face.
She looked down into Rina's eyes, her fingers lightly stroking her daughter's cheek. "
I have everyone's attention, all except the woman in the far corner stroking the sleeping boy's hair.
doctor curved his hand up to stroke the soft dark skin around its nostrils and spoke to the horse in gentle nonsense syllables.
She stroked his cheek gently with the back of her hand.
He gets so mad when I reach under and stroke that special place between his scrotum and his rectum.
If he does not come back (they are not divorced, not even legally separated), she knows she will never stroke a man's arm again, never tease
-- GEORGE W. BUSH, U.S. President, who turned 60 last week  I wanted to stroke him like a cat, and it came out in this gesture. "
Yet stroke has no pink ribbon, no symbol to remind us of the risk, to teach us to protect ourselves, or to remember the lives damaged or lost.
When she didn't answer, he stroked her hair and said that he would get it for her.
DEBBY KRAAZ (While stroking DAD) He thinks you don't want to talk with him.
I have nothing to do with composing the recipes, and now that Lowell has mastered the computer, I sometimes don't even " " Tell her about tracking down the powdered rhino horn, " Kathryn says, stroking the collapsed kitten. "
He strokes the strings like a drum, beats them hard with his hand, up down up down I turn the tape player up that's right and then you're down some more son better watch your updown and then you're turned around.
He sat at the foot of the bed and stroked his father's flinty shins.
She stroked his arm, and he shuddered again, but did not draw himself away.
the book from me and threw it across the room and sat down and took my head in her lap and stroked my face and hair.
With the best will in the world not to do so, Steve mentally stroked that skin with his gaze.
Fisher, " he said, reaching up to stroke his friend, " I have to go back and help deliver that baby now.
She and the nanny had always confined themselves to admonitions, and their own few stroking motions, from the shallow end.
She reached out cautiously to stroke the griffin's forehead.
I teased and stroked and manhandled the puss; he hissed, made to flee, flattened his ears, raked at me with claws concealed, gave in and purred when I stroked hisp181throat and belly.
Then exhausted, I leaned against him and he stroked my hair as though that were something Mother taught him. "
With one smooth motion, he slid facedown onto the center ofthe deck He pulled his arms through the water in even strokes, paddling away from shore.
it hit He chopped off his log withthe fury of a Greek god Nevertheless it took himlonger and much more sweat than Monsanto " Used to do this in a workgang in southern Arizony " he said, whopping one down that made the whole treetrunk danceoff the ground But it was like an example of vast butsenseless strength, a picture of poor Cody's life and in asense my own I too chopped with all my might andgot madder and went faster and raked the log but tookmore time than Monsanto who watched us smiling Little Arthur thereupon tried his luck but gave up afterfive strokes The axe was like to carry him away anyway Then Dave Wain demonstrated with big easystrokes and in no time we had five huge logs to use But now it was time to get in the cars (McLear had rearrived) and go driving south down the coast highway to a hot springs bath house down there, which sounded good to me at first.
She stroked his back, whispering, " Naoki, Naoki, " his Japanese middle name that she used when they were alone and whenever she thought of him.
Bellini ' s hands the aspect of an extended forum for touching, pressing and stroking.
99 British Agent The prospect of getting to grips with her husband excited her and as we said goodbye in the hall of the flat she stroked my cheek, adding: "
I started to glide in and out in short strokes.
He forgives me quickly - especially if I stroke him behind the ears.
I stroked its muzzle with the back of my hand and pulled out a rock that had lodged in its mouth with the broken teeth.
He strokes her hair, then looks up at me and tells me with his eyes to mourn us all.
I hold them in my hands, meet face-to-face the fierce gritted teeth and puckered lips of the Wind Blower, stroke his horse-tail hair.
The Pop If you're stoked to stroke, launch your boat from Ely, an old mining town that Charles Kuralt once called the number one vacation destination in America.
I91The Listenercouldn't live without that happiness, and Phil, and him stroking my hair on the pillow and telling me I was pretty and that I was all his love and there was never going to be anyone else.
His hands were quick and restless and stroked a folded newspaper on his desk as he talked with Jason. "
Standing in the room, one looked past the place of libation, winking with reflected firelight and candlelight, out into the cold rain that marched in slanting pencil strokes across the lawn and pelted the windows, and one felt as snug and warm and safe as if one were in the cabin of some stout ship at sea.
Cal, the lighter crew, got off to its usual fast start, rowing 40 strokes a minute for the first 500 meters.
Or of what charitable thoughts moved him to stroke the wet, black, bedraggled fur of a staggering, worn, and weary cat in an alley in Richmond days or weeks or even months before he died?
He was over to him in a heartbeat, stroking his neck and talking to him low, so he wouldn't whinny and give away their position.
Every once in a while he reached up and stroked the silver earring in his left ear.
the vertical folds of the slightly darker pull drapes, and reproductions of Wyeth watercolors lit by spots on track lighting overhead echo with scratchy strokes the same tints, and the same lighting reveals little sparkles, like mica on a beach, in the overlapping arcs of the rough-plastered ceiling.
She patted his head and stroked his nose with one finger, and offered him the rest of her bread crust, which she had put in her apron pocket.
The proprietor waved his hands, stroked his beard, and looked sage.
I longed to stroke the energetic handwriting of this first novel, which Dickens was working on when he and his young wife moved into this house.
Lindsay crouched and stroked the cat with one finger, trying to think of what she should do.
the desire to touch Jemma, bearer of her first grandchild, but she stood back, with Louie, while the other two patted Jemma's belly, stroked her hair, took stock of her visible health.
I mean I either stroke faster than I kick or vica versa.
, surrounded by shopping bags and stroking the head of the dead fox attached to the fur around her shoulders: Felicidad, his formidable wife, staring at him with the eyes of an assassin. "
Because Lucas, this man she loved, he would say, crying, his head to her breast, My father died, and she would say, holding him to her body, stroking his hair, I know, I know.
on the front stoop, stroking a blanket, shaking quietly and trying to rock himself to sleep at the height of day. "
Without intent, one hand closed upon his glass, the thumb drawing slowly upward, stroking the smooth, cool surface as though it were another's flesh.
She stroked them - and as with the first group, they stroked her in turn-tor about thirty seconds.
Kallner ruffled his forehead and stroked it with an upward gesture of ' his hand. "
For a moment he tries stroking with one arm, but loses his grip on the ball and struggles to recover.
Anna raised a doubtful eyebrow and stroked the cat, who rolled into a ball to keep from being bothered. "
tender contrition, he stooped and kissed her forehead, and stroked her damp, curly hair.
Petrescu, downcast, much troubled, nodding, stroked the fuzz of his fedora, stroked the dense hairs growing from his ears.
to her head and stroked her short, curly hair tenderly.
And though she knows I'll be stroking the checks, she always has to stop for the cheapest gas, even if it means driving out of her way.
He wagged his tail, splashing water everywhere, put a muddy paw on her, and when she bent to stroke him, he reached up and licked her face, and then ran away again as she laughed.
Some make only one hand movement, others stroke their hair.
He smiled as he stroked her hair and gently caressed her lovely face. "
His fingers stroked the air, manipulating symbols and menus I couldn't see.
